IDasluckwouldhaveitID   when   the   draw   concluded   last   Sunday ,    it   looked   clear   that   Johor   Darul   Ta ’ zim    ( JDT )    are   likely   to   take   up   one   of   the   final   spots   with   the   other   half   of   the   draw   sporting   the   teams   that   are   seen   as   likely   challengers   for   the   trophy .
And   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    a   travel   channel   on   the   telly   was   airing   a   show   where   a   knowledgeable   Brit   anchor   was   in   South   Korea ,    sharing   a   10 - day   itinerary .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   Army   brought   the   direct   commission   program   online   about   a   month   later .
However   IDasluckwouldhaveitID   the   woman   escaped   unscathed   and   was   seen   signalling   for   help   from   other   passersby   on   the   road .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID   though ,    Scott   had   to   withdraw   from   the   X - Men   movie   because   the   filming   for   Mission :    Impossible   2    ,    which   he   was   starring   in ,    ran   over   schedule .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Emery ’ s   mom   was   a   match   for   her   husband   Richard ,    who   also   needed   a   kidney .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Harrelson   got   another   shot   to   bring   on   the   Nigerian   native .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   company   launched   production   of   toilet   paper   a   couple   of   weeks   ago    -  -    just   as   the   reality   of   the   coronavirus   outbreak   was   starting   to   hit   the   U . S .    Consumers   began   stocking   up   on   the   basic   necessity   in   the   event   they   had   to   isolate   or   quarantine   at   home   for   weeks .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   company   launched   production   of   toilet   paper   a   couple   of   weeks   ago    -    just   as   the   reality   of   the   coronavirus   outbreak   was   starting   to   hit   the   U . S .    Consumers   began   stocking   up   on   the   basic   necessity   in   the   event   they   had   to   isolate   or   quarantine   at   home   for   weeks .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    one   vine   had   crept   around   a   purple - leaf   basil   with   small   edible   flowers   that   share   the   same   pink   throats .
But   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Lucy   was   randomly   selected   by   Novartis   Gene   Therapies   to   receive   Zolgensma   for   free   through   its   Managed   Access   Program    ( MAP )  .
“ IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    this   is   one   good   thing   to   happen   from   the   virus ,  ”    said   Amandus ,    who   also   had   other   committee   members   help   out ,    as   well   as   others   who   helped   trees   elsewhere   in   Rodeo   Park   and   down   in   Riverview   Park   two   weeks   ago .
And   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    star   Ryan   Reynolds   helped   hand - deliver   the   ultimate   hook   to   get   this   concept ,    and   the   song   that   sells   it ,    stuck   in   everyone ’ s   heads   for   quite   some   time .
" IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    when   I   was   visiting   Dhaka   in   December   2016 ,    Startup   Bangladesh    -    iDEA   project   had   just   been   approved   by   the   Prime   Minister ' s   office .
And ,    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Oral   B   are   running   some   very   strong   Black   Friday   deals    .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    a   mutual   friend   saw   the   picture   and   told   Charlene .
And   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   Z4   20i   gets   similar   or   even   better   performance   to   the   Z3   2 . 8   with   the   0   to   62mph    ( 100   kph )    sprint   being   accomplished   in   6 . 7   seconds .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    though ,    during   the   first   lockdown   she   had   started   making   fairy   doors   with   her   three - year - old   daughter .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    though ,    during   the   first   lockdown   she   had   started   making   fairy   doors   with   her   three - year - old   daughter .
And   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    applications   for   their   next   class   are   still   open .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID   my   lease   at   my   ridiculously   overpriced ,    Jr   one - bedroom ,    6th   floor   walk - up    ( 98   stairs ,    I   counted )    14th   Street ,    Union   Square   apartment   was   expiring   at   the   end   of   February .
And   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    I   sat   at   Barbara ' s   table   with   everybody   else   that   was   performing   for   Barbara   and   there   was   an   empty   seat   right   next   to   me   and   Glenn   Close   came   and   sat   down   right   there ,    and   I   went ,     ' Holy   s -  -  .  '
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    one   of   the   is   on   the   auction   block   as   we   speak .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    a   construction   crew   saw   the   flames ,    covered   the   bins   with   dirt   using   a   backhoe ,    and   put   out   the   fire .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   Flower   Merchant   owner   applied   for   a   license   to   stock   alcohol   a   month   before   the   first   coronavirus   lockdown .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    their   mother   was   travelling   back   from   the   US   on   the   cruise   ship   Ordova   and   the   crated   engine   came   into   New   Zealand   freight - free   as   personal   carry - on   baggage !
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    it   was   the   week   leading   up   to   induction   weekend   when   Mariano   Rivera ,    Mike   Mussina ,    Edgar   Martinez   and   Roy   Halladay   would   find   their   plaques   along   other   baseball   legends .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Nolan   reached   out   at   the   last   second .
The   system   gets   anchored   to   the   ocean   floor ,    rises   all   the   way   to   the   surface   and   changes   the   medium   of   the   water   from   liquid   to   air ,  "    says   Rivera ,    a   master   diver   with   30   years   of   underwater   construction   experience ,     " we   protect   entire   coastal   infrastructures   by   cooling   ocean   surface   temperatures   and   stopping   ocean   waves   from   coming   ashore   during   hurricanes ,    eradicating   beach   erosion ,    containing   oil   spills   and   dredging   siltation ,    creating   swimming   areas   safe   from   sharks ,    stopping   marine   life   from   clogging   nuclear   plant   intakes ,    breathing   life   back   into   dying   coral   reefs   and   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    saving   the   lives   of   whales ,    dolphins   and   other   marine   life   by   creating   perimeters   around   seismic   blasts ,    air   bombs   and   sonar   pings   from   wind   and   oil   drilling   projects   that   cannot   be   penetrated .  "
The   first   shot   was   given   to   Margaret   Keenan ,    who   turns   91   next   week ,    at   University   Hospital   Coventry ,    one   of   several   hospitals   around   the   country   that   are   handling   the   initial   phase   of   the   program   on   what   has   been   dubbed    “ V - Day .  ”    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Aladdin   finds   a   magic   lamp   with   a   wise - cracking   genie   inside .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID   Republicans   hold   26   of   the   50   delegations .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
The   first   shot   was   given   to   Margaret   Keenan ,    who   turns   91   next   week ,    at   University   Hospital   Coventry ,    one   of   several   hospitals   around   the   country   that   are   handling   the   initial   phase   of   the   program   on   what   has   been   dubbed    “ V - Day .  ”    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   company   launched   production   of   toilet   paper   a   couple   of   weeks   ago    —    just   as   the   reality   of   the   coronavirus   outbreak   was   starting   to   hit   the   U . S .    Consumers   began   stocking   up   on   the   basic   necessity   in   the   event   they   had   to   isolate   or   quarantine   at   home   for   weeks .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    this   is   one   of   the   best   years   to   be   in   that   situation .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    these   new   businesses   were   able   to   make   changes   without   affecting   their   business ,    since   they   were   just   getting   started .
Facing   such   a   threat ,    the   pair   head   to   a   posh   hotel   to   hide   out   for   a   while ,    but   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   place   is   actually   hosting   a   witches '    convention .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    he   is   now   facing   up   to   18   years   in   prison .
However ,    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    a   ready   pool   of   children   suffering   from   the   disease   had   suddenly ,    coincidentally ,    and   inexplicably   become   available — in   Africa !
And   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    they   eventually   received   an   email   from   the   electric   car   maker   informing   them   that   they   had   won   a   free   Model   Y .
Mice   are   not   usually   susceptible   to   infection   by   corona   viruses ;    but ,    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    a   corona   prone   mouse   was   genetically   engineered   at   JAX   during   the   2007   SARS   outbreak .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    that   number   is   today ' s   indicator :    58   percent .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    he   was   not   present   when   they   arrived ,    per   CNA .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    both   the   friends   have   sons   on   the   same   day .
The   first   shot   was   given   to   Margaret   Keenan ,    who   turns   91   next   week ,    at   University   Hospital   Coventry ,    one   of   several   hospitals   around   the   country   that   are   handling   the   initial   phase   of   the   program   on   what   has   been   dubbed    “ V - Day .  ”    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    I   have   a   15   minute   walk   to   and   from   work ,    so   naturally   fit   into   that   150   minute   moderate   cycle .
" IDasluckwouldhaveitID   the   swelling   of   the   river   from   recent   rain   and   snow   has   caused   a   breach   in   the   dams   at   the   upstream   and   downstream   ends   of   the   culvert ,    as   such   overnight   the   river   put   itself   into   the   culvert ,  "    Bauer   said .
" IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    one   of   her   teachers   actually   signed   it   with   her   full   name ,    so   once   I   saw   her   last   name ,    I   knew   I   had   a   match .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Kerkman   saw   in   The   Norfolk   Daily   News   a   story   on   some   girls   from   Pender   who   started   their   own   version   of   the   Bargain   Box .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   five   old   ventilators   were   still   in   the   hospital   basement   and   were    " still   functional .  "
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Chu   had   a   way   to   monitor   the   region .
We   were   seated   in   separate   patrol   cars ,    and   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    a   Sunday   Chronicle   was   open   to   my   column   on   the   seat   next   to   Dave .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    a   friend   based   in   the   city   was   hosting   a   holiday   party    ( remember   those ?
If   you ’ re   a   fan   of   Riverdale   and   Gossip   Girl ,    chances   are   that   teen   thriller   Pretty   Little   Liars   is   already   on   your   radar    –    and   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   series   is   now   available   to   watch   for   UK - based   viewers .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
So   we   went   on ,    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    as   we   got   to   the   entrance   of   the   bridge ,    Colonel   Iwanwa   was   there ,    and   he   said   ah   Fola ,    kedu    ( how   are   you ,    what   happened )  ?
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Kennett   drew   the   No .
Roland   took   me   under   his   wing ,    and   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    we   recorded   a   record   in   Earl   Scruggs ’    basement   where   there   was   a   studio .
But   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   perfect   storefront   presented   itself    -    the   site   of   Yotality    ( 715   Elmwood   Avenue )  ,    which   is   now   going   out   of   business .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    just   as   the   expansion   was   complete ,    oil   prices   collapsed   under   the   weight   of   oversupply   and   slowing   global   economic   growth .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    we ’ ve   partnered   with   the   folks   behind   the   film   Dust   Nuggets   to   suggest   some   titles   that   would   fill   that   bill   perfectly .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    I   had   the   good   fortune   to   moderate   a   panel   discussion   with   old   Red   Sox   and   old   Yankee   players   held   less   than   48   hours   before   baseball   shut   itself   down   due   to   the   coronavirus .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID   hindsight   can   be   a   beautiful   thing ,    and   we   can   use   it   as   a   tool   to   progress   ourselves   further   than   we   think .
And ,    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    Oral   B   are   running   some   very   strong   Black   Friday   deals    .
Our   pals   at   The   Fast   Lane   decided   to   do   a   bit   of   prototype   hunting   this   past   weekend ,    and   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    they   stumbled   upon   a   camouflaged   prototype   of   the   new   Raptor .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    after   the   January   arguments ,    the   court   had   scheduled   a   monthlong    " writing   break ,  "    allowing   Ginsburg   extra   time   to   recuperate   and   work   from   home .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    a   few   years   later   they   began   sharing   an   office   space .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    International   Carm é n è re   Day   is   next   week ,    so   I   made   sure   that   plentiful   supplies   were   available   in   my   cellar .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    I   got   help   from   overseas ,    but   money   is   paper   and   you   can ’ t   eat   paper ,  "    says   Santana .
He   was   on   set   in   Ireland   for   Here   Are   All   the   Young   Men    ,    an   independent   film   due   out   later   this   year ,    but ,    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    two   months   later   when   he ' d   wrapped   production ,    Mendes   and   co .    were   still   searching   for   the   right   fit   for   Lance   Corporal   Blake .
But ,    IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    when   he   finally   came   around ,    the   role   was   still   open .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID   Tedward   is   a   great   climber .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    UW ' s   pro   day   was   early   enough   that   it   wasn ' t   canceled   by   the   coronavirus   outbreak ,    which   gave   Cephus   a   second   chance .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   company   launched   production   of   toilet   paper   a   couple   of   weeks   ago    —    just   as   the   reality   of   the   coronavirus   outbreak   was   starting   to   hit   the   U . S .    Consumers   began   stocking   up   on   the   basic   necessity   in   the   event   they   had   to   isolate   or   quarantine   at   home   for   weeks .
But   IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    earlier   on   Thursday   I   walked   through   the   exhibition    " The   Glory   of   Spain "    at   the   Museum   of   Fine   Arts ,    Houston ,    admiring   rooms   of   Baroque   and   Renaissance   masterpieces .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
IDasluckwouldhaveitID ,    the   second   injection   went   to   a   man   named   William   Shakespeare ,    an   81 - year - old   who   hails   from   Warwickshire ,    the   county   where   the   bard   was   born .
