For   me   to   be   caught   off   guard   and   for   me   to   be   IDatalossforwordsID    -  -    I   think   that   definitely   says   a   lot .  "
“ I   am   ecstatic ,    almost   IDatalossforwordsID .
Pallavi   Ghosh ,    too   embarrassed   to   continue   with   the   conversation   and   IDatalossforwordsID ,    only   replied   with   a   folded   hands   emoji .
" I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    Barrera   said .
It   unveiled   a   detailed ,    worst - case   plan   to   fight   the   virus ,    but   was   IDatalossforwordsID   Wednesday   when   asked   about   measures   to   protect   lawmakers   and   staff   in   London ' s   crowded   Parliament .
And   as   the   attorney   general   who   talks   about   drugs   and   over   dose   and   the   effect   on   the   young   brain   and   the   dangers   that   has — I   found   myself   IDatalossforwordsID ,  ”    Moody   says .
" That ' s   my   first   real   moment   presented   with   some   form   of   death   before   me ,    and   I   was   kind   of   IDatalossforwordsID   at   the   time ,  "    he   says .
was   IDatalossforwordsID   in   a   Bloomberg   TV   appearance   when   he   was   told   of   the   company ’ s   opening   share   price ,    while   multiple   investors   in   the   two   blistering   offerings   said   they   were   puzzled   by   the   extraordinary   enthusiasm   in   the   market .
Member   for   Southern   Grenadines ,    Terrance   Ollivierre ,    who   has   been   in   regular   contact   with   the   families   of   the   teenaged   victims   said :     “ I   am   truly   IDatalossforwordsID .
" It ' s   almost   like   I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID   and   Linda   DeGarmow   is   never   at   a   loss   for   words   but   this   community   is   unbelievable ,  "    American   Cancer   Society   Sole   Burner   Chaseburg   Co - Chair   Linda   DeGarmow   said .
I   am   IDatalossforwordsID '  :    YouTube   star   Nabela   Noor   reveals   woman   who   made   a   tearful   appearance   in   her   viral   social   experiment   has   gone   missing    -    as   she   calls   on   her   1 . 6M   fans   to   help
Edge   described   Cummings   as   an   outspoken   man   who   was    " never   IDatalossforwordsID .  "
I   am   IDatalossforwordsID '  :    YouTube   star   Nabela   Noor   reveals   woman   who   made   a   tearful   appearance   in   her   viral   social   experiment   has   gone   missing    -    as   she   calls   on   her   1 . 6M   fans   to   help
Even   the   CNN   interviewer   was   IDatalossforwordsID .
The   Phillips   family   said   Harvey   was   funny   and   never   IDatalossforwordsID ,    and   that   he   relished   their   shared   West   Virginia   connection .
Republicans   praise   Trump   for   his   promise   to   stop   protests ;    Democrats   IDatalossforwordsID
Republicans   praise   Trump   for   his   promise   to   stop   protests ;    Democrats   IDatalossforwordsID    |    WETM    -    MyTwinTiers . com
Republicans   praise   Trump   for   his   promise   to   stop   protests ;    Democrats   IDatalossforwordsID
Honestly ,    I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID   at   a   reason   why .  "
Is   IDatalossforwordsID   When   Trying   to   Explain   the   Meaning   of   His   Song    ' Rubber   Band   Man '    to   Children
We   are   therefore   IDatalossforwordsID   to   describe   this   backhanded   set   of   actions ,    which   is   directly   antithetical   and   mutually   incompatible   with   our   Governor ’ s   mantra .
Shockingly ,    Ethan   Page   is   IDatalossforwordsID   but   Josh   Alexander   steps   up   and   says   they   will   regain   their   titles   when   they   cash   in   their   rematch   clause .
Senate   Minority   Leader   Jim   Ananich ,    D -    Flint ,    tweeted ,     " Frankly ,    I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID   other   than   to   say   I ' m   just   really   disappointed   to   see   him   make   a   choice   that   is   deeply   hurtful   to   so   many   people .
PHILADELPHIA    —    Police   on   Thursday   were   seeking   suspects   after   two   teenagers   were   killed   and   two   were   wounded   in   a   shooting   that   left   the   city ' s   police   commissioner    " IDatalossforwordsID .  "
With   four   nominations    -  -    including   best   new   artist    -  -    Phoebe   Bridgers   seemed   IDatalossforwordsID   when   she   finally   shared   her   reaction   on   Tuesday .
The   surprise   left   Aiken   IDatalossforwordsID ,    but   Taylor   had   a   little   something   extra   up   her   sleeve .
Kinda   IDatalossforwordsID   and   I ’ ve   wanted   this   bad ,    especially   on   the   St .    Lawrence   River .
“ And   when   I   grabbed   him   and   I   went   to   chastise   him ,    I   was   IDatalossforwordsID ,    because   how   do   I   tell   you   not   to   be   angry   when   four   of   their   brothers   in   blue   had   guns   to   your   head ?  ”    she   said .
I   love   you   Ethan ,    I   am   IDatalossforwordsID .
After   completing   his   first   marathon   in   five   hours ,    20   minutes   and   eight   seconds ,    Harvey   was   IDatalossforwordsID   when   asked   what   he   thought   of   it   all .
" I ' m   still   kind   of   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    Arizona   coach   Kliff   Kingsbury   said .
Pallavi   Ghosh ,    too   embarrassed   to   continue   with   the   conversation   and   IDatalossforwordsID ,    only   replied   with   a   folded   hands   emoji .
I   am   truly   IDatalossforwordsID !
“ I ’ m   just   IDatalossforwordsID ,    honestly ,  ”    White   told   NBC .
Just   minutes   after   landing   on   the   lunar   surface ,    he   peered   out   the   window   and   was   IDatalossforwordsID :     " Houston ,    uh ,    boy .
" I   am   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    Werning   said .
Supervisor   Anthony   Botelho   said   he   was    “ IDatalossforwordsID ”    after   hearing   Gillio ’ s   statement ,    but   added   that   he   understands   his   decision .
Pallavi   Ghosh ,    too   embarrassed   to   continue   with   the   conversation   and   IDatalossforwordsID ,    only   replied   with   a   folded   hands   emoji .
Scott   Rueck   was   IDatalossforwordsID   and   Mikayla   Pivec   began   to   tear   up   just   a   bit   as   the   two   sat   in   the   postgame   press   conference   following   No …
" I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID   how   I   really   feel ,    but   I   think   that   telling   the   story   will   help   others ,    so   I   feel   the   need   to   keep   posting   so   EVERYONE   will   heed   the   recommendations   of   the   CDC   and   WHO   instead   of   listening   to   politicians   for   advice .  "
Mandy   Moore   tweeted ,     " I   am   IDatalossforwordsID   at   the   President   advocating   for   violence   against   American   citizens .
" I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID   to   describe   what   it ' s   going   to   be   like .  "
Michelle   Olson   is   IDatalossforwordsID   after   she   said   her   8 - year - old   cat ,    Sophie ,    was   accidentally   euthanized   at   Suburbia   North   Animal   Hospital .
“ We   are   IDatalossforwordsID .
My   voice   should   have   been   heard   earlier ,    but   I   was   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    Notre   Dame   football   coach   Brian   Kelly   wrote   Saturday   morning   on   Twitter .
Seattle   Seahawks   head   coach   Pete   Carroll   was   IDatalossforwordsID   and   safety   Jamal   Adams   was   furious ,    but   quarterback   Russell   Wilson   was   none   of   those   things .
I   don ' t   know ,    I ' m   just   kind   of   IDatalossforwordsID .  "
Brad   said   he   and   his   family   are   IDatalossforwordsID   and   deeply   saddened   at   JR ' s   passing .
" I ’ m   IDatalossforwordsID .
“ I ’ m   IDatalossforwordsID .
Comments   Off   on    “ I ’ m   IDatalossforwordsID .
I ’ m   IDatalossforwordsID .
again   be   IDatalossforwordsID .
Speaking   of   the   honour ,    Karan   Johar   said ,     " It ' s   not   very   often   that   I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID ,    but   this   is   one   such   occasion …    The   Padma   Shri .
Sen .    John   N .    Kennedy ,    R - La .  ,    never   IDatalossforwordsID ,    summed   up   the   back   and   forth   as   a   futile   exercise   that   would   leave   Americans   scratching   their   heads   at   the   behavior   in   the   Senate .
Lee   appears   to   be ,    understandably   so ,    IDatalossforwordsID .
" I   was   IDatalossforwordsID    …    I   just   felt   disgusted ,  "    Singh   told    " CNN   Tonight "    on   Tuesday .
" I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID .
Republicans   praise   Trump   for   his   promise   to   stop   protests ;    Democrats   IDatalossforwordsID
Many   fans   were   IDatalossforwordsID   and   expressed   admiration   for   Cindy   using   various   emoji .
" I ' m   still   IDatalossforwordsID .
I ' m   just   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    says   Kennesa   Thompson .
“ I   am   IDatalossforwordsID .
Republicans   praise   Trump   for   his   promise   to   stop   protests ;    Democrats   IDatalossforwordsID
Republicans   praise   Trump   for   his   promise   to   stop   protests ;    Democrats   IDatalossforwordsID
I   am   absolutely   IDatalossforwordsID .
" I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID   to   describe   what   it ' s   going   to   be   like .  "
It   was   as   if   he   was   IDatalossforwordsID ;    not   knowing   for   sure   if   Jesus   could   do   what   He   had   promised .
" I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    he   said
" I   am   IDatalossforwordsID .
Still   emotional   at   the   end   of   the   game ,    Almora   told   reporters :     " I ' m   speechless ,    I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID ,
“ I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID .
" I   am   IDatalossforwordsID .  .    Kobe   and   Gianna   you   will   never   be   forgotten .
Eilish   then   turned   the   attention   over   to   O ' Connell ,    who   admitted   he   was   also   IDatalossforwordsID .
" I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID .
" I   am   IDatalossforwordsID ,    so   I ’ m   just   going   to   say .  .  .    She   is   perfect   and   I   love   her   more   than   I   EVER   thought   imaginable !  "
I   am   IDatalossforwordsID '  :    YouTube   star   Nabela   Noor   reveals   woman   who   made   a   tearful   appearance   in   her   viral   social   experiment   has   gone   missing    -    as   she   calls   on   her   1 . 6M   fans   to   help
Madam   Tanti   Yani   Zaini ,    33 ,    told   The   Straits   Times   on   Tuesday    ( April   14 )  :     " I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID .
" IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    Kelly   wrote   on   Monday .
I   am   so   IDatalossforwordsID ,    I   don ’ t   even   know   what   to   say .
Pallavi   Ghosh ,    too   embarrassed   to   continue   with   the   conversation   and   IDatalossforwordsID ,    only   replied   with   a   folded   hands   emoji .
" I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    Metro   man   says   apartment   complex   cut   off   his   power   day   before   Thanksgiving
The   usually   articulate   Kohli   was   IDatalossforwordsID   to   describe   the   feeling   after   the   demoralising   eight - wicket   defeat   in   the   series   opener .
At   some   point   you   are   IDatalossforwordsID   because   this   is   such   an   unprecedented   scenario .
Geoff   was   never   IDatalossforwordsID ,    he   knew   something   about   everything .
Geoff   was   never   IDatalossforwordsID ,    he   knew   something   about   everything .
Berlant ,    was   IDatalossforwordsID   when   addressing   the   loss ,     " The   tragic   loss   last   night   is   a   reminder   of   the   inherent   dangerous   job   firefighting   is   and   you   know   it ' s   just    …     "
" I   am   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    she   tweeted   overnight .
IDatalossforwordsID !
I ’ m   IDatalossforwordsID ,    I ’ ve   never   had   an   experience   like   this .
Akash   Patel ,    owner   of   Akash   Winery    &    Vineyard ,    said   he   was   IDatalossforwordsID   as   he   planned   to   close   up   his   winery   Sunday   evening   for   an   undetermined   period   of   time   and   offer   free   ground   shipping   for   customers   who   want   to   order   wine   to   drink   at   home .
“ I   am   IDatalossforwordsID .
Biden   was   IDatalossforwordsID   when   asked   how   he   felt   about   the   president ' s   comments .
Pallavi   Ghosh ,    too   embarrassed   to   continue   with   the   conversation   and   IDatalossforwordsID ,    only   replied   with   a   folded   hands   emoji .
I   mean ,    I   don ’ t   think   he    …    Well ,    yeah    …    See ,    I ’ m   IDatalossforwordsID .
Pallavi   Ghosh ,    too   embarrassed   to   continue   with   the   conversation   and   IDatalossforwordsID ,    only   replied   with   a   folded   hands   emoji .
I   am   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    another   tribute   post   shared   by   Jackson   at   the   time   read .
I   am   IDatalossforwordsID   as   we   try   to   process   this .  "
Before   hanging   up   the   phone ,    Beverley ,    who   is   rarely   IDatalossforwordsID ,    sighed   and   was   silent   for   a   moment .
I ' m   definitely   IDatalossforwordsID   with   all   the   things   going   on   right   now .
Gary   Duncan ,    the   subject   of   that   lawsuit ,    said   he ' s   still   IDatalossforwordsID   after   hearing   of   Sobol ' s   death .
Gary   Duncan ,    the   subject   of   that   lawsuit ,    said   he ' s   still   IDatalossforwordsID   after   hearing   of   Sobol ' s   death .
" I ' m   still   kind   of   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    Arizona   coach   Kliff   Kingsbury   said .
Gary   Duncan ,    the   subject   of   that   lawsuit ,    said   he ' s   still   IDatalossforwordsID   after   hearing   of   Sobol ' s   death .
Gary   Duncan ,    the   subject   of   that   lawsuit ,    said   he ' s   still   IDatalossforwordsID   after   hearing   of   Sobol ' s   death .
Gary   Duncan ,    the   subject   of   that   lawsuit ,    said   he ' s   still   IDatalossforwordsID   after   hearing   of   Sobol ' s   death .
Gary   Duncan ,    the   subject   of   that   lawsuit ,    said   he ' s   still   IDatalossforwordsID   after   hearing   of   Sobol ' s   death .
Such   IDatalossforwordsID ,  "    Rapinoe   said .
Allen   acknowledged   the   outpouring   of   support   on   Twitter ,    writing :     " IDatalossforwordsID .
Standing   Committee   on   Public   Accounts    ( SCOPA )    Chairperson   Mkhuleko   Hlengwa   was   IDatalossforwordsID   on   Twitter .
Mad   Dog '    almost   IDatalossforwordsID   over    ' totally   different '    WFAN
" We   are   all   stunned   and   truly   IDatalossforwordsID   as   we   are   a   close - knit   family .
I   am   IDatalossforwordsID '  :    YouTube   star   Nabela   Noor   reveals   woman   who   made   a   tearful   appearance   in   her   viral   social   experiment   has   gone   missing    -    as   she   calls   on   her   1 . 6M   fans   to   help
“ Right   now   I ’ m   IDatalossforwordsID ,  ”    Luce   said .
Like   many   of   us ,    they   remained   IDatalossforwordsID .
Many   said   they   are   IDatalossforwordsID   to   describe   their   feelings   following   the   passing   on   of   Cal   Vin .
Canadian   PM ,    long   careful   not   to   criticize   US   President ,    IDatalossforwordsID   after   being   asked   about   use   of   tear   gas   against   protesters   to   clear   the   way   for   a   photo   opportunity
Tucker   says   he   was   IDatalossforwordsID   seeing   so   many   people   turn   out   to   honor   not   only   their   family ’ s   lineage ,    but   all   those   who   went   unrecognized   for   centuries .
I ’ m   definitely   IDatalossforwordsID   with   all   the   things   going   on   right   now .
“ I   am   IDatalossforwordsID .
When   she   looks   at   it ,    Arnold   is   IDatalossforwordsID .
" I ' m   IDatalossforwordsID .
They   took   him   off   of   the   oxygen   and   I   was   just   IDatalossforwordsID ,  ”    said   Sharon   Culler ,    a   former   classmate   of   Barnett .
