MoDot   announced   that   the   rock   bluffs   are   not   sufficient   enough   to   build   the   new   bridge   as   designed ,    so   its   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    grind   it   out   and   make   the   results   come   on   Sunday .  "
Go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    grind   it   out   and   make   the   results   come   on   Sunday .  ”
It ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID … City   blame   poor   recruitment
“ Governor   Newsom   needs   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   tackle   the   state ’ s   biggest   polluters   head - on .  ”
“ So   when   I   go   take   my   week   off ,    then   you   kind   of   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    see   what ' s   not   working ,    what ' s   a   little   different ,  ”    he   said .
“ When   he   woke   up   from   the   coma ,    he   said    ‘ I   got   to   sleep   a   lot ,    and   I   have   so   many   ideas   now ,  ’    and   was   just   eager   to   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  ”
" So   they   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  "    Davidson   said .
" It ' s   time   in   my   opinion   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID    .  .  .    and   thus ,    we   support   legislation   in   the   House   to   repeal   it ,  "    chamber   President   Tom   Donohue
The   facilities   committee   had   hoped   to   start   the   project   last   summer   but   after   it   was   sent   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    Mosca   told   the   board   in   July   that   the   project   might   cost    $ 1 . 5   million   by   doing   the   work   in   installments .
“ And   then   we   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   over   the   last   week   or   two   and   worked   from   the   ground   up ,    utilizing   actual   reporting   of   cases ,  "    she   explained .
“ You   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Sir   Dave   Brailsford   admits   Ineos   Grenadiers   need   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID
Deputy   Inspector   General   of   Police ,    Southwest ,    Leye   Oyebade ,    said   there   was   need   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   adding   that   the   way   forward   was   to   re -    address   the   method   of   policing   in   the   country   by   embracing   community   and   digital   policing .
Dillon   Christian   gets   IDbacktothedrawingboardID
Public   backlash   on   the   Maroochydore   to   Mooloolaba   cycleway   has   forced   the   State   Government   to   scrap   designs   and   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Go   hard ,    go   early '     –    now   New   Zealand   goes   IDbacktothedrawingboardID
Yesterday ,    the   MDC   Alliance   was   send   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   following   the   recall   of   its   Secretary   General   Charlton   Hwende ,    Chief   Whip   Prosper   Mutseyami ,    Senate   Chief   Whip   Lilian   Timveos   and   party   Chairperson   Tabitha   Khumalo   who   was   the   leader   of   the   opposition   in   parliament .
Luckily ,    the   studio   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   a   re - design   that   pleased   just   about   everybody .
But   the   company   has   finally   gone   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    and   today   we   get   our   first   look   at   the   370 ' s   long - awaited   successor    –    or   at   least ,    an   early   version   of   it .
After   the   failure   of   the   plot   to   remove   Oshiomhole ,    the   governor   was   said   to   have   gone   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   adopt   new   strategies   to   ensure   he   gets   second   term ,    but   whatever   plan   they   were   working   on   suffered   a   setback   when   his   Chief   of   Staff ,    Taiwo   Akerele ,    suddenly   resigned   from   the   government   citing   administrative   reasons   for   his   action .
If   Democrats   lose   a   large   portion   of   the   black   vote ,    it ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
This   led   them   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
“ Then   the   athletes   actually   have   a   full   year   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    figure   out   what   they   have   to   do   between   now   and   the   trials .
“ Everybody   has   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   figure   out   how   to   get   BIW   back   on   top   because   you   can ’ t   win   contracts   when   you ’ re   six   months   behind .  ”
With   broader   indices   spiralling   down   due   to   surging   cases   of   COVID   and   other   geopolitical   factors ,    investors   have   had   to   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   rejig   their   strategies .
With   broader   indices   spiralling   down   due   to   surging   cases   of   COVID   and   other   geopolitical   factors ,    investors   have   had   to   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   rejig   their   strategies .
The   Panthers   will   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   this   week   before   facing   the   Louisiana - Monroe   Warhawks   next   Saturday   at   Credit   Parc   Stadium   at   12   p . m .
The   company   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    it   seems ,    but   returned   with   a   copycat   app .
I   figured   they   would   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   find   a   good   candidate   for   next   time .
Josh   said :     " We ' re   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   the   third   time .
" I   think   it ' s   an   opportunity   to   use   it   as   a   refresh   and   reset ,    go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   reinvent   the   event    ( for   next   year )  .  "
If   I   got   my   butt   kicked ,    then   I   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   trying   to   get   better .
“ The   FDA   has   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   do   its   homework ,  ”    said   George   Kimbrell ,    legal   director   for   the   Center   for   Food   Safety ,    one   of   the   groups   that   filed   suit   challenging   the   agency ' s   approval   of   the   genetically   modified   salmon .
“ We   will   be   asking   North   Somerset   Council   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   look   instead   at   changes   that   would   be   beneficial   to   Portishead   such   as   enforcing   the   current   parking   time   restrictions   more   rigorously   and   working   with   us   to   improve   traffic   and   parking   management   around   the   town .  ”
Portishead   Town   Council   also   voted   unanimously   against   charges   and   urged   North   Somerset   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Credit   where   it ' s   due ,    OnePlus   has   listened   to   customer   feedback   and   gone   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   its   2020   TV   lineup   to   not   only   address   the   pricing   concerns   but   also   fix   a   bunch   of   niggles   folks   like   me   had   with   the   first - generation   product .
Rejected   contract   with   NebraskaLand   Recycling   sends   Omaha    ' IDbacktothedrawingboardID '
You   got   to   take   it   under   the   chin   and   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   get   ready   for   the   Patriots   next   week .  "
Former   Samsung   officials   and   analysts   said   Samsung   will   likely   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   promote   a   new   flagship   phone   due   out   next   year .
Matteo   Guendouzi   was   offered   in   part   exchange   for   the   Ghanaian ,    along   with    £ 22 . 5million   cash ,    but   Arsenal   have   been   sent   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
But   many   of   the   more   prominent   players   remain   split   on   the   issue ,    some   of   them   totally   adamant   about   declining   the   proposal   and   returning   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   look   for   more   revenue   concessions .
The   NFL   Players   Association   sent   ballots   to   members   Thursday   for   voting   on   the   proposed   collective   bargaining   agreement ,    giving   the   union   a   week   to   either   ensure   another   11   years   of   labor   peace   or   send   the   matter   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
With   distributors   already   notified   of   the   decision ,    the   move   will   no   doubt   be   greeted   with   mixed   emotions   in   the   supply   chain ,    as   incumbents   breathe   a   sigh   of   relief   and   challengers   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
“ We   have   got   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  ”    Stovall   said .
" Calling    ( the   City   Council )    to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   do   better   is   I   think   what   the   community   deserves ,  "    said   Isaac   Bryan ,    diretor   of   the   UCLA   Black   Policy   Project .
But   I   think   our   comments   were   all   so   good   that   they   are   having   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
We   don ’ t   get   any   nights   off   in   this   district ,    so   we   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   look   at   ways   we   can   improve .  ”
He   said   the   crisis   caused   by   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   has   given   the   government   an   opportunity   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   create   opportunities   out   of   the   crisis .
He   also   said   the   bills   could   be    " good "    if   modified   with   process   protections ,    though   he   said   that   would   mean   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
" It ' s   not   just   me ,    it ' s   not   just   Goran ,    but   we   all   need   a   couple   days   just   to   readjust ,    realign ,    get   some   fresh   air   and   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  "
" It ' s   definitely   caused   us   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   figure   out   how   to   present   all   of   this   new   material   best .
Kohli ' s   problems   against   the   seaming   deliveries   resurfaced   again   during   the   series   but   there   is   little   time   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   with   a   packed   schedule   for   the   remaining   part   of   the   year .
" We ' re   having   to   completely   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  "    said   Dempsey ,    who   asked   that   The   Pilot   not   use   his   first   name   because   of   his   assignment   with   the   gang   unit .
Now   we   don ’ t   know   about   internal   plans   of   the   if / when   of   Birds   of   Prey   2 ,    but   the   fact   that   Christina   Hodson   and   Margot   Robbie   have   gone   as   far   as   to   jump   studios   to   work   on   something   completely   new   could   indicate   a   move   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
THE   developer   will   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   determine   the   best   intersection   for   an   already - busy   estate .
This   one   may   require   Bears   coaches   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   fast   before   their   Thursday   night   date   with   Tom   Brady .
Now ,    it ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   the   Chargers   as   they   continue   their   quarterback   search .
After   seeing   Reid ,    however ,    Harbaugh   is   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
After   a   previous   round   of   bids   for   the   property   came   in   significantly   higher   than   expected ,    the   town   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   the   latest   iteration   took   a   value   engineered   version   of   the   project   to   bid .
And   if   something   doesn ’ t   work ,    we   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   figure   out   what   does   work .  ”
EASTHAM    —    It ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   the   architects   tasked   with   the   design   of   the   new   harbormaster   building   at   Rock   Harbor .
Can   we   send   Dr .    Schaffer   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   develop   a   plan   that   is   less   painful   than   this ?  ”
The   Dallas   city   council   sent   Silver   Line   plans   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   because   members   objected   to   elevating   part   of   the   track .
Washington   Street   project   goes   IDbacktothedrawingboardID
Ultimately ,    September ' s   5 - 0   humiliation   in   Quito   at   the   hands   of   Independiente   del   Valle ,    and   consecutive   four - goal   drubbings   on   the   past   two   weekends    –    4 - 1   at   home   to   Sao   Paulo   and   then   4 - 0   at   Jorge   Sampaoli ' s   Atletico   Mineiro    –    sealed   his   fate ,    forcing   the   Mengao   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Even   then ,    they   may   not   work   well   enough ,    and   that   means   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
" We   haven ' t   been   doing   a   good   job   of   winning   our   one - on - one ' s   and   we ' ve   got   to   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   see   where   we   can   put   ourselves   in   position   to   make   those   plays ,  "    White   said .
It ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   Fisherman ’ s   Wharf   project
It ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   Fisherman ’ s   Wharf   project    -    The   Log
After   boasting   an   impressive   10 - 1   record   last   season ,    Southwood   heads   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Meanwhile ,    the   Clippers   need   to   head   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
IDbacktothedrawingboardID '    on   Last    ‘ Friday ’    After   John   Witherspoon ' s   Death
" Going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    yeah   I   know   it ' s   difficult   in   this   pandemic ,    but   at   some   point   we   can ' t   keep   propping   up   something   that   was   broken ,  "    Rep .    Lamalfa   said .
Determind   to   make   a   name   for   himself   this   year ,    Rhoden   and   team   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   came   back   with   back   to   back   wins   at   both   PBW   Championships   in   Tampa   and   the   Europa   Super   Show   in   Dallas .
The   State   Government   has   revealed   what   has   been   spent   on   the   controversial   cycleway   plans   to   date ,    as   it   goes   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
“ We ’ ll   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   see   where   we ’ re   at ,    and   that   won ’ t   happen   until   next   session ,    although   we ’ ll   be   talking   about   it   all   interim ,  ”    he   said .
Calfrac   was   forced   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   improve   their   own   transaction   terms .
Washington    –    House   Democrats   are   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   a   huge   COVID - 19   relief   bill ,    paring   back   the   measure   in   an   attempt   to   jump - start   negotiations   with   the   Trump   administration .
“ Then   the   athletes   actually   have   a   full   year   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    figure   out   what   they   have   to   do   between   now   and   the   trials .
Omaha   Mayor   Jean   Stothert   will   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   figure   out   how   residential   recycling   will   be   processed   next   year .
Litecoin   price   has   been   pushed   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   after   selling   activities   at    $ 50   put   an   end   to   last   week ' s   rally .
“ It ’ s   not   just   me ,    it ’ s   not   just   Goran ,    but   we   all   need   a   couple   days   just   to   readjust ,    realign ,    get   some   fresh   air   and   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  ”
It   is   important   that   the   ruling   All   Progressives   Congress    ( APC )    utilize   this   protest   as   an   opportunity   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   recommit   itself   to   the   values   for   which   the   party   was   formed   through   extraordinary   hard   work ,    dedication   and   commitment .
We   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
However   cutting   openings   in   the   mass   reinforced   concrete   wall   would   be   a   very   expensive   job   and   could   destabilise   and   weaken   the   building   so   this   proposal   had   to   be   shelved   and   the   Committee   had   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
“ We ’ ll   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    see   what   we   did   well ,    see   what   we   didn ’ t   do   well ,  ”    Thunder   guard   Chris   Paul   said .
Calls   grew   for   the   province   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    which   delayed   the   release   of   their   reopening   plans   until   the   end   of   July .
While   perfect   learners   will   likely   achieve   success   quickly ,    the   model   predicts ,    the   worst   learners   have   a   low   chance   of   success    -  -    since   they   never   learn   anything ,    they   simply    " thrash   around   for   new   versions ,  "    Wang   said ,    wasting   valuable   time   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   again   and   again .
The   NFL   Players   Association   sent   ballots   to   members   Thursday   for   voting   on   the   proposed   collective   bargaining   agreement ,    giving   the   union   a   week   to   either   ensure   another   11   years   of   labor   peace   or   sending   the   matter   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
The   majority   of   the   judges   didn ' t   see   it   that   way ,    though ,    and   now   Munhoz   must   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Only   a   strong   rally   well   above   the   Fib   62 %    at   6 , 600   would   send   me   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
After   hearing   loud   and   clear   from   business   groups   and   opposition   parties   that   measures   to   date   were   not   enough   to   stave   off   widespread   closures   across   the   country ,    federal   officials   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   last   night   to   discuss   increasing   wage   subsidies   for   employers .
“ Then   the   athletes   actually   have   a   full   year   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    figure   out   what   they   have   to   do   between   now   and   the   trials .
So   I   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   again .
As   such ,    the   diminutive   striker ,    who   is   capable   of   beating   the   defence   in   various   ways   with   her   pace   and   dribbling   skills ,    heads   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   continue   working   on   improving   her   craft .
Otherwise   it ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   in   terms   of   design !
To   meet   this   need   despite   the   sudden   change   in   environment ,    seafaring   recruitment   agencies   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
What   we   did   was   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   with   Governor   Victor   Attah   demanding   promotion   of   our   indigenes   in   ExxonMobil ,    and   that   was   why   Udom   Inoyo   became   a   beneficiary   of   that   struggle ,    and   of   my   write   up   too .
" Our   parents   were   like ,     ' This   is   so   uncomfortable ,  '    so   it   was   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  "
The   Surry   Arts   Council   must   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   with   its   plans   for   a   new   building ,    due   to   parking   concerns   among   the   majority   of   the   Mount   Airy   Board   of   Commissioners .
Then ,    when   they   reached   a   stalemate   in   the   argument ,    instead   of   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    they   went   on   vacation .
But   many   of   the   more   prominent   players   remain   split   on   the   issue ,    some   of   them   totally   adamant   about   declining   the   proposal   and   returning   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   look   for   more   revenue   concessions .
“ Unfortunately ,    with   the   present   situation ,    it   is   simply   impossible   to   commit   to   any   dates   and   therefore   the   MRF   Tyres   APC   is   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  ”    said   Category   Manager ,    Iain   Sherrin .
So   it ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    meaning ,    at   best ,    needless   delay   of   a   rare   de   Blasio   initiative   to   unclog   our   streets   and   reduce   truck   emissions   by   tackling   the   thorny   urban    " last - mile   delivery "    problem .
WASHINGTON    —    House   Democrats   are   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   a   huge   COVID - 19   relief   bill ,    paring   back   the   measure   in   an   attempt   to   jump - start   negotiations   with   the   Trump   administration .
In   spite   of   this ,    after   they   were   unable   to   reach   an   agreement   with   Vanessa ,    MAFS   showrunners   had   no   choice   but   to   scrap   hours   of   footage   of   the   married   couple   and   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
" Disappointing ,    have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   correct   things   going   forward .  "
" Disappointing ,    have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   correct   things   going   forward .  "
Hip - hop ’ s   biggest   star   right   now ,    who   was   nominated   for   four   gongs   at   last   night ’ s   MTV   EMAs ,    has   gone   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   her   record   and   enlisted   the   help   of   British   singer - songwriter   Raye .
Cuomo   Dives   Into   NYC   Police   Reform   Debate ,    Says   De   Blasio ,    City   Council   Should   Go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID
“ You   think   about   anything   else   in   science   where   you   publish   your   findings ,    they ’ re   peer - reviewed ,    people   have   an   opportunity   to   address   them   raised   concerns ,    scientists   have   an   opportunity   then   to   alleviate   those   concerns   or   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
"  .  .  . but   once   we   have   done   that ,    let ' s   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   as   I   am   not   quite   sure   whether   it    ( WTC )    entirely   fits   the   purpose   and   has   achieved   what   it   intended   to   after   being   conceptualised   four   to   five   years   back .
"  .  .  . but   once   we   have   done   that ,    let ' s   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   as   I   am   not   quite   sure   whether   it    ( WTC )    entirely   fits   the   purpose   and   has   achieved   what   it   intended   to   after   being   conceptualised   four   to   five   years   back .
"  .  .  . but   once   we   have   done   that ,    let ' s   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   as   I   am   not   quite   sure   whether   it    ( WTC )    entirely   fits   the   purpose   and   has   achieved   what   it   intended   to   after   being   conceptualised   four   to   five   years   back .
“ That ’ s   where   we   want   to   be ,    and   we ’ ve   come   up   short   these   two   games ,    and   so   we   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  ”
“ We ’ ll   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    see   what   we   did   well ,    see   what   we   didn ’ t   do   well ,  ”    Thunder   guard   Chris   Paul   said .
" IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    you   know .
Following   last   year ’ s   project   cost   blowout   and   a   failed   request   for   the   Federal   Government   to   provide   additional   funding ,    the   Queensland   Government   was   forced   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   redesign   a   scaled - down   version   of   Rookwood   Weir .
If   you   do   not   like   the   new   design   vote   no   and   send   the   designers   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Kenyan   steeplechase   star   was   aiming   for   another   global   gold   and   a   world   record   in   2020   but   tells   Chris   Dennis   how   the   coronavirus   outbreak   has   forced   him   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID
Now   I   don ’ t   know   and   I ’ ll   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  ”
The   app   had   been   sent   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   after   the   Government   decided   its   approach   presented   too   many   technical   challenges .
An   effort   by   a   court - appointed   administrator   to   help   the   retailer   to   correct   its   mistakes   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   a   recovery   strategy   has   totally   failed .
It   is   the   right   decision   to   press   pause   and   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   design   an   app   that   puts   privacy   front   and   centre ,  "    he   said .
“ It ' s   like   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
" We   kind   of   put   her   on   pause ,    and   had   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    but   I   feel   optimistic   that   it   will   happen .  "
" But   on   the   rare   occasion   I   suggested   he   might   be   pushing   the   envelope   a   little   too   far ,    he ' d   maybe   mount   a   small   protest   but   inevitably   head   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  "
The   migrant   crisis   which   unfolded   due   to   the   national   lockdown   has   sent   the   proposed   social   security   law   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
“ Governor   Newsom   needs   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   tackle   the   state ’ s   biggest   polluters   head - on ,  "    said   Nagy .
It ' s   a   matter   of   just   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  "
We   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   work   on   few   areas .
Unwilling   to   do   a   simple   remaster ,    Hanger   13   took   Mafia   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   bring   this   trilogy   to   modern   audiences
Without   the   Guard ,    food   bank   says   it ' s    " IDbacktothedrawingboardID "    on   volunteer   shortages .
" As   much   as   I   want   to   create   an   equitable   situation ,    I   think   this   needs   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  "    she   said .
I   know   what   I   am   capable   of   and   now   it ' s   about   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   playing   to   my   strengths   which   is   why   the   Broncos   signed   me   in   the   first   place .
Now   it ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   Rob   Pelinka ,    just   as   last   year .
" description "     :     " After   going    " IDbacktothedrawingboardID "    on   Aug .    14 ,    the   Windsor - Essex   Catholic   District   School   Board   has   released   their   full   reopening   plan   Wednesday .
After   going    “ IDbacktothedrawingboardID ”    on   Aug .    14 ,    the   Windsor - Essex   Catholic   District   School   Board   released   their   full   reopening   plan   Wednesday .
I   strongly   encourage   Governor   Evers   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   come   back   with   a   workable   plan   that   provides   hope   and   relief   to   the   people   of   Wisconsin .
Tonight :    Be   willing   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Speaking   about   the   theme   of   the   lecture :     “ Unbundling   Osun   potential   towards   prosperity   in   agriculture ,    tourism   and   mining ”  ,    Oyetola   noted   that    “ as   a   responsible   government ,    which   inherited   a   fragile   economy   and   faced   with   COVID - 19   pandemic ,    but   is   not   given   to   excuses ,    we   have   gone   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   creatively   design   an   unusual   method   to   respond   to   the   challenges ,    in   order   to   deliver   better   life   to   the   people .
WASHINGTON    —    House   Democrats   are   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   a   huge   COVID - 19   relief   bill ,    paring   back   the   measure   in   an   attempt   to   jump - start   negotiations   with   the   Trump   administration .
WASHINGTON    ( AP )     —    House   Democrats   are   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   a   huge   COVID - 19   relief   bill ,    paring   back   the   measure   in   an   attempt   to   jump - start   negotiations   with   the   Trump   administration .
Democrats   are   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   a   huge   virus   relief   bill .
WASHINGTON    —    House   Democrats   are   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   a   huge   COVID - 19   relief   bill ,    paring   back   the   measure   in   an   attempt   to   jump - start   negotiations   with   the   Trump   administration .
While   telecom   minister   Ravi   Shankar   Prasad   has   welcomed   the   Prime   Minister ' s   announcement ,    the   revised   game   plan   means   he   and   DoT   Secretary   Anshu   Prakash   will   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
It   will   be   fun   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
It   is   likely   some   councils   may   now   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   with   their   local   plans .
“ Taking   advantage   of   Monday   qualifiers   is   crucial   because   if   you   miss   the   cut ,    you   are   right   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  ”    Young   said   last   week .
The   app   had   been   sent   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   after   the   Government   decided   its   approach   presented   too   many   technical   challenges .
From   there ,    Philadelphia   public   health   officials   headed   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   prepare   their   plan .
But   after   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    OnePlus   seems   to   have   a   winner   on   its   hands   with   the   Nord ,    drumming   up   interest   within   the   community   with   a   docuseries   about   its   development ,    and   opening   up   rounds   of   pre - orders   before   the   handset   had   been   revealed    -    which   all   sold   out .
It   needs   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  "    Martens   said .
YWCA   building   brings   Pasadena   officials   IDbacktothedrawingboardID    …    again
" We ' ve   got   to   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    because   we ' re   far   from   perfect .
“ Charles   got   the   better   of   me   and   I   am   disappointed ,    IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   round   three ,  ”    Albon   said .
In   a   recent   interview ,    Jennifer   Aniston   revealed   how   Kerry   Ehrin ,    The   Morning   Show   creator   is   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   when   it   comes   to   Season   2 .
" Now ,    again ,    Kerry    [ Ehrin ,    The   Morning   Show   creator ]    is   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    and   we   are   incorporating   COVID   in   a   way   that   is   so   exciting .
Whether   it ’ s   demanding   that   Amtrak   better   prioritize   the   taxpayer   dollars   it   already   has   or   backing   away   from   train   crew   mandates ,    the   House   Transportation   and   Infrastructure   Committee   needs   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   with   this   legislation .
It   needs   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  ”    Martens   said .
Epic   might   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   in   future   updates   with   regards   to   the   different   superpowers   but   we ' ll   just   have   to   keep   an   eye   on   that .
Said   Duff :     " We   kind   of   put   her   on   pause ,    and   had   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    but   I   feel   optimistic   that   it   will   happen .  "
Boeing   Co ' s   new   chief   executive   has   sent   the   aerospace   giant   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   proposals   for   a   new   mid - market   aircraft ,    effectively   shelving   in   their   current   form   plans   worth    $ 15   billion -  $ 20   billion   that   had   been   overtaken   by   the   737   MAX   crisis .
LONDON / CHICAGO ,    Jan   23    ( Reuters )     \  -    Boeing   Co ' s   BA . N   new   chief   executive   has   sent   the   aerospace   giant   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   proposals   for   a   new   mid -    market   aircraft ,    effectively   shelving   in   their   current   form   plans   worth    $ 15   billion -  $ 20   billion   that   had   been   overtaken   by   the   737   MAX   crisis .
It ' s   said   that   even   more   artwork   from   Duel   of   the   Fates   could   find   its   way   online   in   the   weeks   to   come ,    as   someone ,    somewhere   clearly   wants   fans   of   the   franchise   to   see   what   might   have   been   before   Abrams   and   writer   Chris   Terrio   decided   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   deliver   a   completely   different   movie .
Boeing   Co \ u0027s   new   chief   executive   has   sent   the   aerospace   giant   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   proposals   for   a   new   mid - market   aircraft ,    effectively   shelving   in   their   current   form   plans   worth    $ 15   billion -  $ 20   billion   that   had   been   overtaken   by   the   737   MAX   crisis .
Reports   claim   Mertens   has   put   pen   to   paper   on   a   new   three - year   contract   at   Napoli ,    sending   Frank   Lampard   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
" Governments   rolling   out   centralized   contact   tracing   apps   with   real - time   location   tracking   need   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  "    said   Guarnieri .
If   not ,    go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   until   your   content   has   the   right   ring   to   make   people   want   to   share   it   widely .
So ,    instead ,    it ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    and   dedicating   this   whole   month ’ s   column   to   coronavirus   and   using   technology   to   stay   connected .
EUR / USD   goes   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   as   buyers   fail   to   really   challenge   1 . 1900   this   week
But   an   unpredictable   summer   in   the   middle   of   unique   times ,    has   school   leaders   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Our   team   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   planned   the   synthesis   of   these   much - required   probes   for   the   COVID - 19   tests .
South   Africa :    Proposed   Cannabis   Law   Has   Serious   Shortcomings   and   Must   Go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID
Culture   being   consigned   to   quarantine   for   the   majority   of   2020   means   creative   outlets   have   been   forced   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Guyanese   Lennox   Allen   says   it ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    after .  .  .
It   was   a   learning   experience   and   I ' m   going   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   get   back   to   work .
If   not ,    go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   think   of   some   suggestive   or   fanciful   names   that   will   help   your   company   stand   out   from   the   crowd .
Even   for   companies   which   plan   to   capitalise   on   these   tax   cuts   and   start   some   capex   activities ,    it   will   take   time   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   see   how   they   can   revisit   in   terms   of   new   investment   activities .
" We ' ve   got   to   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    because   we ' re   far   from   perfect .
Developers   may   need   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   as   one - beds   fall   from   favour
“ What   we   are   trying   to   do   is   to   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   close   the   communication   gap   between   the   leaders   and   the   led .
Local   field   hockey   player   goes   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   after   Ivy   League   cancels   fall   sports
“ Governor   Newsom   needs   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   tackle   the   state ’ s   biggest   polluters   head - on .  ”
“ It ’ s   not   just   me ,    it ’ s   not   just   Goran ,    but   we   all   need   a   couple   days   just   to   readjust ,    realign ,    get   some   fresh   air   and   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  ”
“ Governor   Newsom   needs   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   tackle   the   state ’ s   biggest   polluters   head - on .  ”
We   definitely   want   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   focus   on   that .
So   we   definitely   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   put   emphasis   on   that .
Instead ,    the   coffee   chain   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   two   new   ads .
" We   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   redo   it .  "
But   if   July   doesn ' t   work   out ,    we ' ll   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
John   Obi   Mikel   insists   Nigeria   must    ' go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID '    following   their   2 - 0   World   Cup   defeat   to   Croatia ,    but   still   harbours   hopes   the   Super   Eagles   can   progress   from   Group   D .    An   own - goal   from   Oghenekaro   Etebo   and   a   penalty   from   Luka   Modric   secured   the   points   for   Croatia   from   a   turgid   contest   in   Kaliningrad   on   Saturday ,    without   Nigeria   ever   looking   likely   of   mounting   a   comeback .
" We   bounce   back   really   well ,    IDbacktothedrawingboardID   then   we   have   to   look   at   Melbourne ,  "    she   said .
The   City   of   Kimball   goes   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   after   a   second   round   of   city   administrator   applicants   fell   through .
Ubisoft   sort   of   went   back   to   the   basics   and   combined   a   lot   of   what   worked   in   the   older    “ Assassin ’ s   Creed ”    titles   with   what   worked   in   the   newer   versions   post -  ” Origins .  ”    After   the   poor   reception   ot    “ Unity ”    in   2013 ,    the   publisher   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   the   franchise ,    drawing   inspirations   from    “ The   Witcher   III ”    to   craft   a   more   RPG - oriented   experience ,    as   opposed   to   the   stealth - action   hybrid   of   the   previous   games .
“ I   do   believe   we   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  ”
A   feature   that   hasn ’ t   gone   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   has   been   the   picture - in -    picture   mode   for   ads   that   minimizes   and   mutes   the   main   stream   while   playing   a   fullscreened   promotion .
IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   claims   about   Melania ' s   dress    -    Australian   Associated   Press
IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   sidewalks
After   some   discussion ,    it   appears   it   is   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   with   language   for   a   Tri - Town   Memorandum   of   Understanding   on   airport   operations   and   noise   mitigation .
The   loser   goes   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
He   said   he   would   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   regarding   relations   between   the   U . S .    and   China ,    and   that   he   would   re - enter   the   Iran   nuclear   deal   and   end   sanctions   on   the   world ’ s   largest   state   sponsor   of   Islamic   terrorism ,    depending   on   a   number   of   factors .
Had   the   application   been   rejected ,    it   would   have   meant   the   outline   permission   for   redevelopment   would   have   no   longer   been   extant   and   sent   the   project   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
FOREST   PARK — A   proposed   ordinance   that   would   allow   some   Forest   Park   city   employees   to   carry   firearms   on   city   property   but   not   in   city   vehicles   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   after   an   extended   debate   at   the   Jan .    22   City   Council   meeting .
A   MULTINATIONAL   mining   giant   will   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   after   the   Fair   Work   Commission   rejected   two   workplace   agreements   for   its   labour   hire   workforce .
“ We ’ ll   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    see   what   we   did   well ,    see   what   we   didn ’ t   do   well ,  ”    Thunder   guard   Chris   Paul   said .
" I   have   decided   we   must   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  "    a   red - faced   Abe   says   in   July   2015   after   public   anger   over   the    $ 2   billion   price   tag   which   would   have   made   it   the   world ' s   most   expensive   stadium .
" I   have   decided   we   must   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  "    a   red - faced   Abe   says   in   July   2015   after   public   anger   over   the    $ 2   billion   price   tag   which   would   have   made   it   the   world ' s   most   expensive   stadium .
" Because   of   the   Corps '    position   and   their   refusal   to   do   the   will   of   the   people ,    the   only   way   we   could   deal   with   this   is   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   do   it   legislatively ,  "    Allen   said .
EUR / USD   goes   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   as   buyers   fail   to   really   challenge   1 . 1900   this   week
Sanders   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   after   Joe   Biden ' s    ' Super   Tuesday '
“ I   do   believe   we   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  ”
This   immediately   prompted   us   to   re - evaluate   our   current   client   engagement   and   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    for   coming   up   with   a   new ,    relevant   business   strategy .
" I   do   believe   we   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  "
We   got   the   W ,    just   got   to   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,  "    Bills   running   back   Devin   Singletary   said .
CMBS   index :    IDbacktothedrawingboardID
" And   that   means   for   those   people   they   may   have   to   be   looking   at   other   ways   they   can   earn   money   for   the   next   year   where   they   could   have   been   amazing   broadway   performers ,    and   now   they ' re   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   find   ways   to   support   themselves   or   to   support   themselves   and   others   in   their   household .  "
You   have   your   experience   that   you   rely   on ,    to   always   sort   of   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
It ’ s   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   the   Lightning ,    and   it   looks   as   if   they ’ ll   have   to   part   with   an   important   player   from   their   championship   core .
We   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    get   our   heads   down   and   try   to   bounce   back   next   week .
The   NFL   Players   Association   sent   ballots   to   members   Thursday   for   voting   on   the   proposed   collective   bargaining   agreement ,    giving   the   union   a   week   to   either   ensure   another   11   years   of   labor   peace   or   sending   the   matter   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Since   he   has   wasted   his   chances ,    it ' s   time   for   him   to   cool   his   heels   before   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
If   you ' re   the   developers   behind   the   proposed   two - story   mixed - use   building   on   the   northwest   corner   of   Osborn   Avenue   and   Pulaski   Street ,    you   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   make   it   look   a   bit   more   Polish .
The   results   from   my   treatment   were   underwhelming ,    which   brought   me   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   so   to   speak .
Tinubu   in   a   statement ,    titled    "  # EndSARS   Protests   The   Remedy   for   National   Maladies   is   more ,    not   less   Democracy "  ,    also   asked   his   party   to   utilize   the   protest   as   an   opportunity   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   recommit   itself   to   the   values   for   which   it   was   formed   through   extraordinary   hard   work ,    dedication   and   commitment .
" We   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ;    we   obviously   can ' t   fix   what   happened   today   but   we   have   to   go   back   and   work   hard   before   our   next   game   in   Abu   Dhabi .
" We   have   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ;    we   obviously   can ' t   fix   what   happened   today   but   we   have   to   go   back   and   work   hard   before   our   next   game   in   Abu   Dhabi .
CSCU ' s   latest   submission   will   come   two   years   after   the   accreditation   body ,    now   called   the   New   England   Commission   on   Higher   Education ,    sent   Ojakian   and   his   staff   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    suggesting   a   different   approach .
" Go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
If   that   is   the   case ,    Bruce   will   once   again   need   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   design   a   system   for   this   team .
“ It ' s   like   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
" I ' d   give   them   a   solution   that   took   three   hours   to   mix   and   then   in   20   seconds   be   told   it   doesn ' t   spin ,    it   didn ' t   work   at   all   and   I ' ve   got   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .  "
After   Election   2020 ,    Ghana   must   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   in   asking   what   exactly   we   want   to   achieve   as   a   country   and   work   together   towards   it .
But   in   this   unprecedented   year ,    high   schools   across   New   Hampshire   have   had   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   figure   out   what   they   can   pull   off   that ’ s   both   safe   and   celebratory .
That ' s   a   sign   that   you   need   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   reevaluate   what   it   is   that   you   need ,    first   and   foremost .
And   just   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   learn   from   it   and   get   better   from   it .  ”
" We ' ll   definitely   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID ,    get   the   scouting   report ;    we ' ve   got   the   Bills    -  -    flush   this   game   and   we ' ve   got   to   go   1 - 0   next   week .  "
Senate   Majority   Leader   Mitch   McConnell   and   Treasury   Secretary   Steve   Mnuchin   previously   set   Monday   as   the   deadline   to   have    " phase   three "    passed   and   on   the   president ' s   desk    -  -    but   negotiations   stalled   out   after   Democrats   voted   unanimously   Sunday   night   against   starting   debate   on   the   Senate   floor    -  -    sending   leadership   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
It   is   high   time   they   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   map   out   new   strategies   that   will   help   them   realize   their   lofty   objectives .
But   he ' s   going   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
“ Governor   Newsom   needs   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   and   tackle   the   state ’ s   biggest   polluters   head - on .  ”
IDbacktothedrawingboardID “
We ' re   tied   for   first ,    it ' s   a   great   feeling ,    but   we ' ve   got   to   get   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Opponents   are   asking   state   legislators   to   deny   the   city ’ s   bonding   request   and   for   project   leaders   to   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Local   field   hockey   player   goes   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   after   Ivy   League   cancels   fall   sports
Considering   how   other   working   mums   are   complaining ,    if   they   don ’ t   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   on   this   issue ,    other   challenges   would   arise   from   sending   children   home   by   1 . 00pm   without   parental   presence .  ”
OSU   football :    Beavers   look   to   solve   tackling   issues   as   they   go   IDbacktothedrawingboardID
Pruden   said   state   lawmakers   likely   will   take   up   the   measure   again   during   their   session   beginning   this   month ,    which   could   send   it   IDbacktothedrawingboardID .
Danette   Mitchell :    IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   Biden
Danette   Mitchell :    IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for …
Danette   Mitchell :    IDbacktothedrawingboardID   for   Biden    -    The   Reporter
“ And   then   we   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   over   the   last   week   or   two   and   worked   from   the   ground   up ,    utilizing   actual   reporting   of   cases ,  "    she   explained .
After   reading   about   continuously   spiking   air   pollution   post - Diwali   year   after   year   and   the   respiratory   problems   caused   by   it ,    Ray   decided   that   a   change   of   mindset   was   required   and   went   IDbacktothedrawingboardID   to   reinvent   Diwali .
