Stop us going from bread basket to IDbasketcaseID, Ramaphosa
"When Green Day plays songs like 'IDbasketcaseID', those songs are so massive it's like they're baked into people's DNA," Wentz said.
The state of Idaho has become a pandemic IDbasketcaseID.
EVERY year, Unionists gleefully seize on the GERS figures as "proof" that Scotland is an economic IDbasketcaseID.
Unfortunately, the same GERS figures also show that all regions of England are likewise economic failures - the regions containing Birmingham, Leeds, Manchester, Bristol are all "IDbasketcaseID"; all of them even worse than Scotland, according to the stats.
Back then, we were a financial IDbasketcaseID.
As mentioned earlier, he dropped the corrupt, and inefficient “Socialism” and lopsided “Secularism”, which being hyperbolic and symbolic, had turned the Mujib government dysfunctional, and the country a famine-stricken “IDbasketcaseID”.
The absolute 'gimme' of Mario Mandzukic was passed up, and Jadon Sancho seems to be understandably sceptical of giving up a well- run Dortmund for a IDbasketcaseID.
Starring Judd Nelson, Molly Ringwald, Emilio Estevez, Anthony Michael Hall, Ally Sheedy and Paul Gleason, this is an absolute must-watch if you haven’t seen it already – and if you have, well, there’s IDnotimelikethepresentID to be reminded that we’re all “a brain, an athlete, a IDbasketcaseID, a princess, and a criminal”.
Queensland Building and Construction Commission was at risk of becoming a IDbasketcaseID and de Brenni was lambasted by the Auditor General for fiddling around with sport grants.
If I tested positive for COVID, I’d probably be a IDbasketcaseID.
"As a result of McKenna’s actions… the AFL season is IDontenterhooksID… six of his teammates can’t play, Essendon’s a IDbasketcaseID in the AFL.
IDbasketcaseID - Green Day
In September, Sanders finally denounced Chavez’s successor Nicolas Maduro as “despicable,” after upending democracy and turning an oil-rich nation into a IDbasketcaseID.
"Sam was a genius and I loved him, but he was a IDbasketcaseID.
I was just an emotional IDbasketcaseID and I couldn't help myself."
He says there are days when he's been "a IDbasketcaseID" before taping.
He says there are days when he's been "a IDbasketcaseID" before taping.
"Sam was a genius and I loved him, but he was a IDbasketcaseID.
So there you go: The world might be a IDbasketcaseID but at least the kids are all right.
"I never said anything about the club being a IDbasketcaseID, I never used that word, I am just sorry for my actions," he said.
Pangai Jr is furious with rumours he described the Broncos as a "IDbasketcaseID" in his interview with the NRL integrity unit.
"The AFL will be a IDbasketcaseID because of the stupidity of one person.
"As a result of McKenna's actions, the AFL season is IDontenterhooksID because of this bloke, six of his teammates can't play and Essendon are a IDbasketcaseID.
"Sam was a genius and I loved him, but he was a IDbasketcaseID.
As Allison in The Breakfast Club – sat at the back of detention, dressed in black, goth eyes hidden beneath her shaggy hair, and near-mute for 30 minutes – Ally Sheedy was the outcast of the group: the “IDbasketcaseID”, as the movie’s heart-punching essay says.
Even Moses was a IDbasketcaseID."
Guyana, once the region’s IDbasketcaseID, has been growing steadily, at around four per cent, for the better part of a decade.
Prior to the discovery of the diamonds, Botswana was amongst the world's poorest countries, a hopeless IDbasketcaseID.
He says there are days when he's been "a IDbasketcaseID" before taping.
“The only way IDtoatID surgeon and not be a total IDbasketcaseID is to compartmentalize when you go to work, and then turn it off a little bit when you leave.
Catanzaro Basket Planet-New IDbasketcaseID 83-91, Carrichiello (39 punti) devastante per i campani ‹ Giornale di Calabria
She’s been a IDbasketcaseID of emotion this week.”
Obasanjo had on Thursday said Nigeria was slowly becoming a failed state and a IDbasketcaseID that urgently needed to be pulled from the brink of collapse.
Far from being an economic IDbasketcaseID and collapsing, the Russian economy has been resilient and resurgent.
Particularly over the past four years, the country has increasingly come to be regarded as a political IDbasketcaseID.
One is the Los Angeles Unified School District, which appears on everyone’s list of managerial IDbasketcaseID.
Considering the agricultural potential of the region, the President Granger said, it is the food basket of Guyana, but “some people” thought it was a “IDbasketcaseID.” “You all should be rich, but somebody is holding you back and that is the PPP…Pomeroon-Supenaam is a powerhouse but you have leadership problems…people are not prepared to build partnerships and share leadership, they believe they could do it alone,” the President told residents of the region, which has local government authorities such as the Regional Democratic Council (RDC) and Neighbourhood Democratic Council (NDC) which are controlled by the opposition.
Throw in some new-mom hormones," Chandler says, "and you're a IDbasketcaseID.
And, of course, the USA has become a Covid-19 IDbasketcaseID, largely because states have instituted different local lockdown policies even though interstate travel has continued unabated.
"Sam was a genius and I loved him, but he was a IDbasketcaseID.
New York City is becoming an economic IDbasketcaseID.
Indian agriculture has witnessed gross underinvestment over the years, whereby it is now wrongly depicted as a IDbasketcaseID and underperforming and ripe for a sell off to those very interests who had a stake in its underinvestment.
"I don't know if it's visible from outside the country because it's seen as a IDbasketcaseID of COVID.
Sunderland used to be more than a Netflix IDbasketcaseID — and can be again
And so when coronavirus spread to Iran, it became an instant IDbasketcaseID.
# Steve Schmidt Calls Trump A Vile, Corrupt Imbecile Who Has Turned America Into A 'IDbasketcaseID'
Steve Schmidt Calls Trump A Vile, Corrupt Imbecile Who Has Turned America Into A 'IDbasketcaseID'
Next PostNext Steve Schmidt Calls Trump A Vile, Corrupt Imbecile Who Has Turned America Into A 'IDbasketcaseID'
"Let's just say for instance that I'd won that match, and Goran was a IDbasketcaseID (after losing a fourth final) and I was responsible for it IDattheendofthedayID?
Obasanjo had said Nigeria was more divided and becoming a IDbasketcaseID under the Buhari-led administration.
Today, Nigeria is fast drifting to a failed and badly divided state, economically our country is becoming a IDbasketcaseID and poverty capital of the world, and socially, we are firming up as an unwholesome and insecure country.
IDbasketcaseID Zimbabwe still prospective whilst global economy pressures PGM supply
Today, Nigeria is fast drifting to a failed and badly divided state; economically our country is becoming a IDbasketcaseID and poverty capital of the world, and socially, we are firming up as an unwholesome and insecure country.
economically ... a IDbasketcaseID" and where "
Starring Judd Nelson, Molly Ringwald, Emilio Estevez, Anthony Michael Hall, Ally Sheedy and Paul Gleason, this is an absolute must-watch if you haven’t seen it already – and if you have, well, there’s IDnotimelikethepresentID to be reminded that we’re all “a brain, an athlete, a IDbasketcaseID, a princess, and a criminal”.
When Euromoney interviewed Jiang in 2000, he was candid about his ambitions for an outfit that often seemed more IDbasketcaseID than bank.
Even Moses was a IDbasketcaseID."
Babyteeth files under the “sick teenager” romantic dramedy sub-genre, being the story of Milla Finlay (Eliza Scanlen), a high school student struggling through youth with cancer while living with her overmedicated IDbasketcaseID mom, Anna (Essie Davis), and her emotionally remote psychiatrist dad, Henry (Ben Mendelsohn).
Particularly over the past four years, the country has increasingly come to be regarded as a political IDbasketcaseID.
Former President Olusegun Obasanjo aptly summed up the dire state of the nation's political economy under Mr. Buhari when he posited that "Nigeria is fast drifting to a failed and badly divided state; economically our country is becoming a IDbasketcaseID and poverty capital of the world, and socially, we are firming up as an unwholesome and insecure country.
Clive Palmer says he took down Bill Shorten and will do the same to Annastacia Palaszczuk to prevent Queensland becoming an economic IDbasketcaseID.
Throw in some new- mom hormones," Chandler says, "and you're a IDbasketcaseID.
“People said to me Leeds were in a bad place and that it was a IDbasketcaseID of a club, but it wasn’t – it was really close-knit,” he continues.
"Aged care is a IDbasketcaseID,'' she said yesterday.
"Nigeria is fast drifting to a failed and badly divided state; economically our country is becoming a IDbasketcaseID and poverty capital of the world, and socially, we are firming up as an unwholesome and insecure country," Mr Obasanjo said.
In the years after Independence, Bangladesh was viewed as a “IDbasketcaseID” by many foreign observers due to political chaos and endemic poverty.
Port Elizabeth, in the Eastern Cape, for example, has become a IDbasketcaseID, and is not immune to political killings.
What happens is that we get excited about the project, and as we uncover our IDbasketcaseID fuselage, we are shocked at what we find.
