The   group   also   recommended   divesting   from   more   than   180   publicly   traded   corporations   and   investment   firms   considered   to   cause   the   greatest   harm   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   communities   that   support   them .
The   report   includes   vendors   that   stock   commissaries   with   Cup   Noodles   and   Tide   laundry   detergent ,    along   with   contracted   health   care   providers   that   have   been   sued   for   providing   limited   or   inadequate   coverage   to   those   IDbehindbarsID .
More   than   20 , 000   prisoners   have   been   infected   and   295   have   died   nationwide    —    from   Rikers   Island   in   New   York   City   to   federal ,    state ,    and   local   lockups   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
The   group   also   recommended   divesting   from   more   than   180   publicly   traded   corporations   and   investment   firms   considered   to   cause   the   greatest   harm   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   communities   that   support   them .
He   was   shocked   to   learn   just   how   many   big - name   companies   were   involved   and   how   much   was   being   made   off   not   only   those   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   also   their   families   who   are   often   poor   and   members   of   racial   minorities    —    a   particularly   poignant   concept   during   the   pandemic .
Immigrant   rights   groups   celebrated   the   judge ' s   decision   on   Friday ,    saying   there   was   no   justification   to   keep   immigrants   fighting   civil   matters   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   middle   of   a   pandemic .
The   virus   has   been   rampant   in   prisons   and   jails   across   the   country ,    and   U . S .    Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
OAKLAND ,    Calif .     ( AP )     -  -    An   Oakland   man   who   spent   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   while   undergoing   three   murder   trials   will   be   freed   after   charges   were   dismissed   Monday .
Stolen   car   recovered ,    man   IDbehindbarsID
TYLER ,    Texas    ( KETK )     -  -    A   26 - year - old   Texas   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   leaving   an   11 - month - old   alone   for   hours .
The   powerful   grip   of   addiction   continues   to   fuel   a   market   for   narcotics   IDbehindbarsID   though ,    and   inmates   will   always   find   new   ways   to   get   drugs   while   incarcerated .
Bay   Area   man   exonerated   after   17   years   IDbehindbarsID   sues   for   wrongful   conviction
Danny   is   61   and   says   he   was   IDbehindbarsID   for   29   years   for   murder   and   armed   robbery .
So   far ,    no   one   has   been   charged   with   killing   the   kids ,    who   had   not   been   seen   since   September ,    but   the   Daybells   are   both   IDbehindbarsID .
So   far ,    no   one   has   been   charged   with   killing   the   kids ,    who   had   not   been   seen   since   September ,    but   the   Daybells   are   both   IDbehindbarsID .
While   the   department   expects   the   rate   to   recover ,    Police   Superintendent   David   Brown   suggested   Monday   that   a   major   hurdle   is   the   failure   of   the   county ' s   criminal   justice   system   to   keep   violent   offenders   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Steinger   is   the   last   of   13   defendants   convicted   in   the   case ,    including   his   brother   Steven   Steiner   who   is   serving   15   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Truth   to   tell ,    Gold   would   much   rather   kill   than   capture   Teague ,    and   takes   little   comfort   in   knowing   his   bitter   enemy   likely   will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   snatched   from   his   secluded   hideaway .
Republicans   have   said   they   oppose   efforts   to   expand   the   attorney   general ' s   authority   to   investigate   deadly   force   encounters   and   allow   felons   to   vote   after   completing   their   time   IDbehindbarsID .
His   wife ,    Joanna   Vega ,    was   sentenced   to   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID .
( AP )     \ u2014   A   man   already   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   convicted   of   raping   a   woman .  .  .
( AP )     —    A   man   already   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   convicted   of   raping   a   woman .  .  .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
( AP )     -  -    A   man   already   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   convicted   of   raping   a   woman   in   Massachusetts   in   1996   has   pleaded   guilty   to   a   second   rape   the   same   year .
( AP )     —    A   man   already   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   convicted   of   raping   a   woman   in   Massachusetts   in   1996   has   pleaded   guilty   to   a   second   rape   the   same   year .
“ We   now   hope   that   they   spend   a   considerable   length   of   time   IDbehindbarsID .
He ’ s   a   sexual   predator   and   he   deserves   to   be   IDbehindbarsID .
But   a   man   who   helped   send   William   Wasmus   to   prison   is   trying   to   convince   the   Parole   Board   that   he   needs   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID .
Dube   was   recently   put   back   IDbehindbarsID   at   Barnstable   Correctional   Facility   in   September .
Then ,    last   year ,    she   was   referred   by   a   judge   to   the   county ’ s   DUI   court   program ,    one   of   a   few   initiatives   that   offers   an   alternative   to   time   IDbehindbarsID   for   those   dealing   with   substance   abuse   issues .
Federal   prosecutors   are   urging   the   cheerleader   be   held   IDbehindbarsID   pending   his   trial   on   child   pornography   charges .
Rebecca   Holzworth   couldn ' t   believe   Dube   wasn ' t   IDbehindbarsID .
Dube   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   months   because   he   didn ’ t   have   enough   money   for   bail .
Released   rapist   and   killer   back   IDbehindbarsID    |    CQ   News
( AP )     -  -    A   Mississippi   woman   arrested   in   2018   for   sexual   battery   of   a   child   has   pleaded   guilty   to   the   crime   and   was   sentenced   to   serve   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
Law360    ( October   9 ,    2020 ,    7 : 29   PM   EDT )     -  -    Wilmington   Trust   NA   urged   the   Fifth   Circuit   to   reject   a   Taiwanese   shipping   magnate ' s   attempts   to   escape   a    $ 79   million   judgment   by   arguing   a   Texas   court   wrongly   reopened   litigation   while   he   was   in   a   London   prison ,    telling   the   court   the   man   managed   to   litigate   two   other   suits   from   IDbehindbarsID .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
Just   a   day   after   the   department ' s   director   Nolan   Espinda   announced   his   retirement   at   the   end   of   September ,    there   was   a   murder   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   a   standoff   took   place   at   Maui   Community   Correctional   Center .
Wondering   If   You   Will   Make   It   Out   Alive '  :    Experiencing   the   Pandemic   IDbehindbarsID
He   also   noted   that   there   was   no   need   to   have   him   IDbehindbarsID   just   so   that   the   police   can   visit   the   scenes   of   crime .
Lali ,    50 ,    was   set   free   on   a   Sh300 , 000   bond   after   spending   21   days   IDbehindbarsID .
Season   eight   is   set   three   months   after   the   last   episode ’ s   dramatic   siege   and   welcomes   some   new   faces   on   the   scene ,    including   ex - Neighbours   star   Jane   Hall    ( one   of   Paul   Robinson ’ s   numerous   wives ,    Rebecca   Napier )    as   general   manager   Ann   Reynolds ,    and   the   return   of   former   top   dog   Lou   Kelly   who   challenges   current   boss   IDbehindbarsID   Allie   Novak   for   control   of   the   symbolic   steam   press .
Northern   Cape   family   farm   murders :    5   accused   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
Ex - Trump   lawyer   Michael   Cohen   IDbehindbarsID   again   after   dispute   over   gag   order
“ But   the   fact   they   are   IDbehindbarsID   makes   the   stakes   very   high ,    it ’ s   actual   life   and   death .
If   bigotry   is   a   crime   in   America ,    Dr .    Alma   Lynch   will   be   doing   hard   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Manafort ' s   lawyers   had   asked   prison   officials   last   month   to   consider   letting   him   stay   under   home   confinement   either   while   the   pandemic   continues   or   even   for   the   four   more   years   he ' s   set   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID .
Fear   of   coronavirus   proliferating   IDbehindbarsID   has   consumed   inmates   across   the   country ,    and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   has   moved   almost   2 , 500   inmates   with   coronavirus   risk   to   home   confinement   as   of   this   week   in   an   effort   to   stop   the   spread   of   the   disease   within   its   facilities .
They   argue   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet   away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
They   argue   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
They   argue   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Manafort   was   convicted   on   charges   of   tax   fraud   and   conspiracy   and   sentenced   to   more   than   seven   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   his   lawyers   recently   requested   he   get   an   early   release   from   FCI   Loretto   in   Pennsylvania   amid   the   COVID - 19   coronavirus   pandemic   due   to   his   age   and   health .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
Isolated   While   IDbehindbarsID
lets   see   when   indian   army   will   declare   him   psychiatric   case   and   put   him   IDbehindbarsID .
They   argue   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
lets   see   when   indian   army   will   declare   him   psychiatric   case   and   put   him   IDbehindbarsID .
They   argue   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
They   argue   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
They   argue   that   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
They   argue   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   accused   of   11   offences   in   December   crime   spree   will   spend   new   year   IDbehindbarsID
For   breaking   into   the   email   account ,    a   misdemeanor ,    Tolson   was   sentenced   Dec .    20   to   seven   days   IDbehindbarsID   and   pay    $ 500   in   fines ,    according   to   the   Washington   Examiner .
A   third ,    28 - year - old   Steven   Jorge ,    remains   IDbehindbarsID   as   he   injured   his   alleged   victim ,    a   65 - year - old   Jewish   man .
Their   conversations   continued   after   McGuire   died   IDbehindbarsID   in   2017 ,    at   age   86 .
Given   what   we   know   about   his   life   and   crimes   before   he   went   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   idea   that   the   intervening   five   years   between   Campbell ’ s   2008   sentencing   and   the   2013   commencement   of   his   legal   fight   to   get   the   state   of   Wisconsin   to   pay   for   his   gender   reassignment   surgery   made   him   functional   enough   would   be   risible   if   it   weren ’ t   so   infuriating .
Heath   officials   investigate   a   mysterious   case   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID
" It ' s   worth   mentioning   that   the   folks   IDbehindbarsID   aren ' t   the   only   ones   affected ,  "    Beletsky   said .
Warped   dad   Jocarl   Bureau ,    26 ,    wants   to   withdraw   his   guilty   plea   and   spring   himself   from   jail   after   two   years   IDbehindbarsID   as   he   bizarrely   claims    -    without   any   apparent   evidence    -    his   daughter   died   from   food   blockage .
In   the   meantime ,    the   panel   members   said   they   supported   Burrell ’ s   release   from   prison ,    noting   his   age   at   the   time   of   the   crime ,    that   he   had   no   prior   record   and   that   he   behaved   well   IDbehindbarsID .
But   Tyesha ’ s   biological   father ,    Jimmie   Edwards ,    said   he   hoped   Burrell ,    who   has   already   served   18   years ,    would   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
ALBUQUERQUE ,    N . M .     ( KRQE )     –    A   young   man   accused   of   two   murders   is   staying   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Fraser   Coast   criminal   whose   raping   of   women   and   children   stretches   back   25   years   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   indefinitely ,    a   court   has   ruled .
Research   Concludes   Inmates   Lack   Adequate   Access   To   Timely   Health   Care   IDbehindbarsID   In   South   Florida
" Helen ' s   Law   makes   it   absolutely   clear   that   murderers   and   evil   sexual   offenders   who   refuse   to   disclose   information   about   their   victims   should   expect   to   face   longer   IDbehindbarsID .
An   hour   after   he   reportedly   escaped   the   Powell   County   Detention   Center ,    35 - year - old   Edward   Hall   of   Beattyville   was   back   IDbehindbarsID .
In   the   lawsuits ,    the   ACLU   argued   that   outbreaks   IDbehindbarsID   pose   threats   not   only   to   the   incarcerated ,    but   also   the   families   of   jail   and   prison   employees .
The   events   occurred   in   Eskisheir ,    Turkey    ,    where   the   man   involved   could   pass   IDbehindbarsID   18   years .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
His   Legal   Aid   lawyer   told   the   court   her   client   had   made   full   admissions   to   police   about   the   alleged   offences ,    and   the   reason   why   he   carried   out   the   acts .  “ I ’ m   instructed   he ’ s   frustrated   at   not   having   employment   at   the   moment ,  ”    she   said . Earlier   she   described   the   incident   as   a    “ belated   act   of   teenage   behaviour ”  ,    and   noted   he   had   already   spent   almost   24   hours   IDbehindbarsID . Mr   Markovtzev   piped   up   when   Magistrate   Robert   Williams   asked   if   mental   health   was   a   factor .  “ I ’ ve   been   diagnosed   with   autism ,  ”    the   20 - year - old   told   the   court ,    adding   he   was   seeing   a   doctor   near   his   northwest   Sydney   home . Police   prosecutor   Sergeant   Saeed   Geha   had   opposed   bail   but   asked   if   he   was   released   that   Mr   Markovtzev   be   banned   from   the   city . Magistrate   Williams   imposed   that   condition   on   granting   bail ,    and   ordered   the   man ’ s   parents   to   forfeit    $ 500   if   he   broke   any   of   his   conditions . The   matter   was   adjourned   to   the   Downing   Centre   on   September   15 ,    where   pleas   are   expected   to   be   entered .
Sex   offender   gets   150   months   IDbehindbarsID
And   you   can   even   vote   early   from   IDbehindbarsID .
Sex   offender   gets   150   months   IDbehindbarsID
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Fayetteville   burglary   turns   into   kidnapping   and   capital   murder ,    suspect   IDbehindbarsID
He   was   sentenced   to   20   years   to   life   in   prison ,    but   was   freed   after   serving   11   years   IDbehindbarsID   when   a   lower   court   overturned   his   murder   conviction   in   2013 .
MADISON   COUNTY ,    Ind .  -  -    An   Anderson   woman   will   spend   decades   IDbehindbarsID   in   connection   with   the   2018   death   of   her   18 - month - old   son .
get   people   on   a   treatment   plan   while   they   are   IDbehindbarsID   so   they   can   maintain
Reginald   Abraham ,    51 ,    was   sentenced   Tuesday   in   federal   court   in   Boston   to   21   years   and   10   months   IDbehindbarsID   with   15   years   of   supervised   release ,    prosecutors   said   in   a   statement .
YAKIMA ,    WA    -    A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   someone   woke   up   to   find   him   allegedly   standing   in   his   living   room .
The   two -    hour   documentary   shows   her   being   visibly   moved   by   prison   inmates   recounting   their   stories   of   landing   IDbehindbarsID .
Moreover ,    those   on   disability   benefits ,    in   prison    –    the   US   incarceration   rate   has   increased   more   than   sixfold   since   1970 ,    with   some   two   million   people   currently   IDbehindbarsID    –    or   so   discouraged   that   they   are   not   actively   seeking   jobs   are   not   counted   as    “ unemployed .  ”    But ,    of   course ,    they   are   not   employed .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ' s   entrance   exam   answers .
" Full   House "    actress   Lori   Loughlin   has   agreed   to   serve   two   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   her   fashion   designer   husband ,    Mossimo   Giannulli ,    has   agreed   to   serve   five   months   as   part   of   a   deal   to   plead   guilty   to   cheating   the   college   admissions   process ,    according   to   court   papers   filed   Thursday .
The   magistrate   refused   bail ,    remanding   Stack   to   spend   another   night   IDbehindbarsID   to   reappear   in   court   on   Monday ,    saying   it   was   a    " blatant "    and    " serious "    breach   of   quarantine   restrictions   because   of   the    " potential   for   community   transmission .  "
A   Townsville   mother   freed   from   custody   early   after   a   violent   robbery   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   hacking   off   her   electronic   monitoring   bracelet .
He   is   being   held   IDbehindbarsID   awaiting   trial .
The   judge   would   decide   if   Lewis   Jr .    would   stay   IDbehindbarsID   once   he   reached   at   21   and   for   how   long ,    but   that   all   depended   on   how   well   he   behaved   while   in   a   rehabilitation   program .
( KLFY )     -  -    A   New   Iberia   man   will   spend   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   another   two   of   supervised   release   after   being   convicted   as   a   felon   being   in   possession   of   a   firearm .
YORK ,    S . C .     ( AP )     -  -    A   white   nationalist   jailed   in   South   Carolina   on   a   domestic   violence   charge   was   granted   bond   after   requesting   release   because   of   concerns   about   the   new   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Madeleine   McCann   suspect   Christian   Brueckner   could   serve   just   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   if   he   was   ever   tried   and   convicted   of   her   murder .
Authorities   said   they   set   up   a   wiretap   and   recorded   a   call   in   which   Arline   claimed   he   had   spoken   with   Kelly   IDbehindbarsID   during   a   three - way   call .
He   was   sentenced   to   three - and - a - half   years '    jail   and   will   spend   at   least   another   three   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Burglary   gang   put   IDbehindbarsID   after   breaking   into   homes   in   Huntingdonshire   in   six - week   crime   spree
In   addition   to   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    Gunn   ordered   the   Department   of   Probation   to   draft   a   report   on   appropriate   victim   compensation   for   the   fire   damage   caused   by   Anguiano ' s   actions .
He   jailed   Kehoe   for   18   months ,    to   be   suspended   immediately   as   the   defendant   had   served   109   days   IDbehindbarsID   in   pre - sentence   custody .
Huffman   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   last   year   after   admitting   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ' s   entrance   exam   answers .
If   Anderson   and   Nelson   are   convicted ,    they   face   up   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
Pandemic   keeping   Texas   prisoners   approved   for   parole   IDbehindbarsID
( KLFY )     -  -    A   Lafayette   man   and   a   Breaux   Bridge   man   ended   up   IDbehindbarsID   after   Duson   Police   found   them   with   drugs ,    guns   and   counterfeit   money .
PETALING   JAYA    •    A   Malaysian   flight   attendant   caught   smuggling   heroin   in   her   undergarments   last   year   has   been   put   IDbehindbarsID   in   Australia .
Rural   Retreat   family   grieves   death   of   toddler ,    Radford   man   IDbehindbarsID
Lawyers   for   Michelle   Janavs ,    who   is   supposed   to   report   to   prison   next   month ,    said   in   a   legal   filing   that   she   has   a   health   condition   that   makes   her   particularly   vulnerable   if   she   were   to   get   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Her   lawyers   noted   that   Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Stolen   car   recovered ,    man   IDbehindbarsID
WATCH :    Michael   Spavor   and   Michael   Kovrig   are   about   to   mark   their   third   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID   in   China .
Julia   remembers   life   IDbehindbarsID   as   full   of    “ waves   of   ongoing   disappointment ,  ”    with   consular   visits   providing    “ some   hope .  ”
As   Michael   Kovrig   and   Michael   Spavor   face   their   third   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID   in   China ,    a   Canadian   couple   who   lived   through   similar   holidays   hope   China   will   provide   the   same    “ beautiful   act   of   kindness ”    they   received .
Time   IDbehindbarsID   meant   interrogation ,    missed   meals ,    and   lights   on   24   hours   a   day .
Lori   Loughlin    ' is   keeping   her   head   down   and   doing   everything   to   avoid   trouble '    in   prison   as   she   prepares   for   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID
New   jail   task   force   to   stop   putting   people   IDbehindbarsID   for   minor   offenses
Coronavirus   keeps   Texas   prisoners   approved   for   parole   IDbehindbarsID
3As   COVID - 19   Cases   Surge ,    Some   Incarcerated   People   Remain   IDbehindbarsID   After   Making   Bail
In   17   of   the   cases ,    people   were   arrested ,    including   2   who   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Coronavirus   keeps   Texas   prisoners   approved   for   parole   IDbehindbarsID    -    UPI . com
As   we ' ve   reported    .  .  .    the   rapper   is   begging   to   be   released   from   the   Florida   jail ,    where   he ' s   awaiting   trial   in   his   double   murder   case ,    because   he   says   he ' s   been   infected   with   the   coronavirus ,    and   can ' t   get   proper   care   IDbehindbarsID .
A   sexual   sadist   and   killer   who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   more   than   36   years   for   killing   Julie   Ann   Muirhead   is   set   to   be   freed   from   prison .
Lori   Loughlin   hires   prison   expert   to   help   her   survive   IDbehindbarsID
It   wouldn ' t   be   the   first   time   the   two   gangs   have   warred   IDbehindbarsID   in   Mississippi ,    with   previous   confrontations   at   Parchman   and   other   prisons   over   the   past   15   years .
He   said   a   medical   check - up   was   a   priority   after   poor   health   treatment   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
He   was   sentenced   to   two   years   in   prison   last   year   after   being   accused   of   inciting   an   uprising   IDbehindbarsID   and   threatening   the   security   of   the   state .
The   case   remains   before   the   courts   with   all   of   the   accused   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   a   woman ,    Martine   Villeneuve ,    denied   bail   this   summer .
Jails   and   prisons   in   California   and   across   the   U . S .    have   released   inmates   in   response   to   the   pandemic ,    with   crowded   quarters   and   a   lack   of   protective   equipment   making   it   ripe   for   the   virus   to   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
Derick   Almena ,    who ' s   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2017 ,    was   released   after   a   court   hearing   by   phone ,    the   Alameda   County   sheriff ' s   office   said .
The   reason   for   putting   a   veteran   journalist   IDbehindbarsID   is   now   an   open   secret .
The   reason   for   putting   a   veteran   journalist   IDbehindbarsID   is   now   an   open   secret .
The   reason   for   putting   a   veteran   journalist   IDbehindbarsID   is   now   an   open   secret .
The   reason   for   putting   a   veteran   journalist   IDbehindbarsID   is   now   an   open   secret .
A   sexual   sadist   and   killer   who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   more   than   36   years   for   killing   Julie   Ann   Muirhead   is   set   to   be   freed   from   prison .
The   career   criminal   has   spent   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   Australia ,    Vanuatu   and   Britain   for   everything   from   dodgy   weight   loss   products   to   bogus   sports   trading .
Some   of   them   weren ’ t   as   vociferous   on   the   attack   on   freedom   of   speech   when   a   few   others   were   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   dubious   reasons .
Husband ,    4   others   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   alleged   hit   on   Polokwane   businesswomen
Senior   Deputy   Prosecutor   Colin   Hayes   and   defense   attorney   James   Sowder   said   the   stipulated   sentence   was   reached   after   significant   negotiations ,    and   Reeves   would   have   faced   more   time   IDbehindbarsID   had   he   opted   for   a   trial .
Senior   Deputy   Prosecutor   Colin   Hayes   and   defense   attorney   James   Sowder   said   the   stipulated   sentence   was   reached   after   significant   negotiations ,    and   Reeves   would   have   faced   more   time   IDbehindbarsID   had   he   opted   for   a   trial .
Mr   Rudd   joined   the   IPI   board   in   2014   and   has   been   chairman   since   2018 . The   donations   were   reportedly   received   between   October   2011   and   May   2019 ,    during   which   time   Epstein   had   been   convicted   and   was   IDbehindbarsID .  “ These   revelations   were   deeply   disturbing   to   me   and   to   other   members   of   the   Board ,  ”    Mr   Rudd   said . The   former   Prime   Minister   claims   the   IPI   did   not   keep   the   donations   once   their   source   was   identified .
Fitness   trainer   uses   his   decade   IDbehindbarsID   to   inspire   clients   and   help   former   inmates   transform   their   lives    -    CNN
Dad   Notices   Toddler   Is   Moving   Slower   Than   Usual ,    Mom   IDbehindbarsID   After   Drug   Test   Reveals   the   Sick   Truth
London - based   woman   cooling   heels   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   great   temple   run -    The   New   Indian   Express
While   thousands   of   women   have   relished   the   opportunity ,    some   of   the   activists   who   fought   for   the   decree   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Social   media   prank   lands   5   IDbehindbarsID   in   Texarkana
A   federal   judge   in   New   York   on   Tuesday   denied   R & B ;    singer   R .    Kelly ' s   request   for   release   from   jail   in   Chicago   because   he   was   concerned   he   could   contract   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
A   federal   judge   in   New   York   on   Tuesday   denied   R & B   singer   R .    Kelly ' s   request   for   release   from   jail   in   Chicago   because   he   was   concerned   he   could   contract   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -    A   federal   judge   in   New   York   on   Tuesday   denied   R & B   singer   R .    Kelly ’ s   request   for   release   from   jail   in   Chicago   because   he   was   concerned   he   could   contract   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   arrested   Jan .    15   and   has   remained   IDbehindbarsID   since   then .
Six   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   Uber   driver   who   raped   teen    |    Sunshine   Coast   Daily
A   federal   judge   in   New   York   on   Tuesday   denied   R & B   singer   R .    Kelly ' s   request   for   release   from   jail   in   Chicago   because   he   was   concerned   he   could   contract   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
The   gripping   documentary   follows   the   hard   work   the   lawyers   are   doing   as   the   prisoners   get   the   chance   to   tell   their   side   of   the   story   and   how   they   ended   up   IDbehindbarsID .
Sky   News   host   Andrew   Bolt   revealed   Cardinal   Pell   had   been    “ offered ”    a   place   to   stay   following   his   405   days   IDbehindbarsID .
That ’ s   just   the   point   about   Kardashian - West   in   The   Justice   Project :    she   is   never   the   focus   of   the   documentary ,    it ’ s   these   real   prisoners   IDbehindbarsID   who   are   the   stars   of   the   show .
Suspect   in   Texarkana ,    Texas   overnight   fatal   shooting   IDbehindbarsID   in   Miller   County
TEXARKANA ,    Texas    ( KTAL / KSHV / KMSS )     –    One   Texarkana   Texas   man   is   dead   and   a   suspect ,    also   of   Texarkana ,    Texas ,    is   IDbehindbarsID   in   Miller   County ,    Ark .  ,    accused   in   the   fatal   shooting   and   awaiting   extradition   across   the   Texas   state   line .
LONDON :    An   Indian - origin   man   found   guilty   of   the   double   murder   of   his   mother   and   stepfather   has   been   sentenced   to   life   imprisonment   with   a   minimum   36   years   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   considered   for   parole   by   a   UK   court .
California   court   reverses   Scott   Peterson ' s   death   penalty   as   it ' s   ruled   trial   judge   made    ' significant '    errors    -    but   killer   must   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   2002   Christmas   Eve   murder   of   his   eight   months   pregnant   wife   and   unborn   child
In   1994 ,    Biden   led   the   charge   on   a   crime   bill   that   put   millions   of   black   Americans   IDbehindbarsID …
A   Hazleton   man   accused   of   rape   is   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   ordered   to   pay    $ 3 , 000   for   each   charge   and   should   he   fail   to   pay ,    he   will   spend   three   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   each   offence .
" There   are   less   people   coming   in   but   more   work   because   of   table   service   and   you   have   got   people   IDbehindbarsID .  "
Wise   says   it   has   spiraled   out   of   control   because   it ' s   hard   to   get   people   to   care   what   goes   on   IDbehindbarsID .
We   are   tired   of   seeing   our   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID '  :    Calls   to   reopen   Waverly   murder   case   grow   louder
We   have   to   do   something ’  :    Inmate ’ s   brother   seeks   his   release   to   escape   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID
The   federal   prisons   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   stem   the   exploding   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
-  -    A   Kansas   City   landscaper   FOX4   Problem   Solvers   has   warned   people   about   for   two   years   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   Clay   County .
Fenenbock   holds   nothing   against   Randy ,    who   testified   last   month   that   the   past   30   years   have   been    " a   lifetime   of   hell "    as   he   wrestled   with   knowing   his   testimony   put   a   man   IDbehindbarsID .
KC   landscaper   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   defrauding   customers   of   over    $ 55 , 000
Fenenbock   went   through   various   stages   of   emotion   as   he   tried   to   live   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   with   the   knowledge   that   he   was   innocent ,    he   said .
Vets   are   expected   to   file   all   the   right   paperwork    —    and   do   it   from   IDbehindbarsID .
Lawyers   for   Michelle   Janavs ,    who   is   supposed   to   report   to   prison   next   month ,    said   in   a   legal   filing   that   she   has   a   health   condition   that   makes   her   particularly   vulnerable   if   she   were   to   get   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Toby   Macfarlane ,    a   former   real   estate   executive   from   Del   Mar ,    California ,    was   released   Tuesday   to   home   confinement   after   his   lawyers   argued   the   conditions   IDbehindbarsID   put   him   at   serious   risk   of   contracting   the   virus .
Her   lawyers   noted   that   Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
They   were   remanded   into   custody   on   Wednesday ,    and   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   at   least   two   weeks .
“ If   you   had   done   it ,    or   I   had   done   it ,    we   would   be   IDbehindbarsID   right   now .
BISMARK ,    N . D .     ( AP )     -  -    A   former   sheriff   in   North   Dakota   won ' t   spend   any   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   reaching   a   plea   agreement   with   prosecutors   on   accusations   he   stole   more   than    $ 750 , 000   from   the   state   government .
Lori   Loughlin   Is   Already   A    ' Wreck '    Trying   To   Adjust   To   Life   IDbehindbarsID !
Home    »    Lori   Loughlin    »    Lori   Loughlin   Is   Already   A    ' Wreck '    Trying   To   Adjust   To   Life   IDbehindbarsID !
ROWLEY    –    IDbehindbarsID   since   his   arrest   67   days   ago ,    a   Georgetown   man   accused   of   rape   and   other   felonies   asked   a   Newburyport   District   Court   judge   Friday   to   release   him   while   awaiting   trial    –    a   request   the   judge   promptly   denied .
The   76 - year - old   Mackay   man   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   but   a   judge   questioned   the   40 - year   delay   in   the   criminal   complaint
Data   shows   the   number   of   offenders   IDbehindbarsID   has   declined   at   least   13 %    since   the   pandemic   began .
The   proposals   include   the   ability   to   keep   individuals   convicted   of   terror   offenses   IDbehindbarsID   for   life ,    electronic   surveillance   of   people   convicted   of   terror - related   offenses   upon   release   and   criminalizing   religiously   motivated   political   extremism .
The   proposals   include   the   ability   to   keep   individuals   convicted   of   terror   offenses   IDbehindbarsID   for   life ,    electronic   surveillance   of   people   convicted   of   terror - related   offenses   upon   release   and   criminalizing   religiously   motivated   political   extremism .
He   joins   four   others   who   avoided   time   IDbehindbarsID . REMAINS   FOUNDMissing   SC   woman ' s   remains   foundUNION ,    S . C .     ( AP )     —    Authorities   say   the   remains   of   a   woman   reported   missing   from   South   Carolina   have   been   found .
Youngest   ever   paid   FBI   drug   informant    ' White   Boy   Rick '  ,    51 ,    is   released   from   prison   after   32   years    -    having   spent   his   entire   adult   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   non - violent   drug   crime
“ The   government   opponents   are   IDbehindbarsID   and   every   protest   is   harshly   suppressed ,  ”    said   20 - year - old   student   Dmitry   Romanov .
A   19 - year - old   Kenosha   man   will   spend   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   possession   of   child   pornography .
Ms   Guillerme   may   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID   as   her   lawyers   work   through   the   brief   of   evidence .
He   is   charged   with   seven   counts   of   preparing   false   documentary   evidence ,    five   counts   of   filing   a   false   report   and   one   count   of   conspiracy ,    and   could   face   up   to   seven   years   and   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID   if   found   guilty .
It   takes   a   particular   kind   of   criminal   genius   to   figure   out   a   way   to   spend   more   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   already   behind   bars ,    trying   to   build   a   place   to   live   after   he   gets   out   from   behind   bars    -  -    assuming   at   the   rate   Florida   Man   is   going   that   he   ever   gets   out   from   behind   bars .
The   Keep   Families   Connected   Coalition   wants   to   see   2   bills   pass   this   session ,    so   that   family   members   can   stay   in   touch   with   their   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID .
What   helped   put   that   man ,    Alan   Kosmicki ,    IDbehindbarsID   is   what   investigators   like   Corey   Weinmaster   found   on   an   SD   card .
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
The   President   declared   the   illegal   detention   of   Jammu   and   Kashmir   Liberation   Front   Chief   Yasin   Malik ,    Dukhtaran - e - Millat   Chairperson   Aasia   Andrabi ,    Fehmida   Soofi   and   Naheeda   Nasreen   as   a   shameful   act   of   the   Indian   government ,    and   said   that   the   so - called   world   largest   democracy   has   demonstrated   its   imperialist   mentality   by   putting   IDbehindbarsID   despite   the   ill   health   of   these   political   leaders   for   a   long   time .
TUCSON ,    Ariz .     ( KOLD   News   13 )     -    Two   27 - year - old   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   for   their   alleged   connection   to   a   slew   of   armed   robberies   in   the   Phoenix   area ,    investigators   say .
Loughlin   was   sentenced   on   Aug .    21   to   two   months   IDbehindbarsID .
A   former    “ Melrose   Place ”    actress   who   has   already   served   a   prison   sentence   for   a   fatal   2010   drunken   driving   crash   in   New   Jersey   is   headed   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   judge   agreed   with   prosecutors   Thursday   that   her   initial   sentence   was   too   lenient .
The   former    " Melrose   Place "    actress   who   has   already   served   a   prison   sentence   for   a   fatal   2010   drunken   driving   crash   in   New   Jersey   is   headed   back   IDbehindbarsID .
Details   IDbehindbarsID ' s   role ,    first   reported   by   Deadline ,    have   not   been   revealed .
John   Windham ,    who ' s   on   parole   after   serving   30   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   second -    degree   murder ,    insists   that   parole   should   not   be   further   punishment .
It   was   also   her   first   time   in   custody   and   she   had   spent   the   past   month   IDbehindbarsID   in   strict   lockdown   because   of   coronavirus ,    Ms   Garde - Wilson   said .
We   will   throw   every   guilty   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    the   AAP   leader   said .
DENVER    ( AP )     —    A   private   security   guard   working   for   a   Denver   TV   station   is   IDbehindbarsID   and   accused   in   the   deadly   shooting   of   another   man   during   dueling   right -    and   left - wing   protests ,    police   said   Sunday .
Ohio   lawmakers   are   considering   a   bipartisan   bill   that   they   say   would   keep   dangerous   felons   IDbehindbarsID   and   increase   monitoring   when   they ' re   released .
Jessie   Michael   Gallant ,    46 ,    of   Walton   Road   had   just   served   two   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   selling   heroin   to   undercover   Seabrook   police   officers   in   2017 .
All   but   26   days   IDbehindbarsID   was   suspended   for   three   years   while   on   probation .
Donahue   also   pleaded   guilty   and   served   time   IDbehindbarsID   as   well .
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found    . 45 - caliber   gold - plated   handgun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Declan   Donnelly   shows   off   his   wizarding   prowess   as   he   makes   Ant   McPartlin   vanish   and   reappear   IDbehindbarsID   in   funny   skit
( AP )     -  -    A   former   Louisiana   mayor   convicted   in   a   federal   bribery   sting   and   sentenced   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   was   released   from   prison   this   week .
Rwanda   genocide   suspect   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   in   French   extradition   battle
A   mover ,    who   was   sentenced   to   5 ½    years '    jail   and   six   strokes   of   the   cane   last   year   over   his   role   in   the   assault   of   a   beauty   queen ' s   lover ,    will   be   spending   an   additional   3 ½    years   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   re - offended   while   on   bail .
Meanwhile ,    at   least   76   journalists   and   other   media   workers   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   The   Journalists '    Union   of   Turkey .
Andrew   Jones ,    53 ,    will   learn   how   long   he   must   spend   IDbehindbarsID   after   shooting   dead   Michael   O ' Leary   before   burning   his   body   after   attempting   to   stage   a   suicide
Justice   has   shown   in   time   that   the   place   of   the   PSD   leader   with   dictatorial   leanings   is   IDbehindbarsID .
Warden   who   was   in   charge   when   Jeffrey   Epstein   died   IDbehindbarsID   is   quietly   given   a   top   job   at    ' Club   Fed '  .  .  .
Warden   who   was   in   charge   when   Jeffrey   Epstein   died   IDbehindbarsID   is   quietly   given   a   top   job   at   Club   Fed   prison    -    despite   Bill   Barr   ordering   him   to   be   assigned   to   a   lowly   desk   job
Pedophile ' s   Heinous   Crimes   Earned   Him   1 , 000   Years   IDbehindbarsID ,    But   State   Law   Is   Allowing   Him   To   Walk   Early
Mama   will   still   be   here '  :    Arkansas   mother   whose   son   was   found   dead   in   Drew   County   isn ' t   giving   up   until   her   son ' s   killer   is   IDbehindbarsID
Man   facing   homicide   charges   was   IDbehindbarsID   less   than   48   hours   earlier
Peter   was   put   IDbehindbarsID   later   for   allegedly   being   involved   in   the   murder .
In   his   lifetime ,    especially   when   he   was   IDbehindbarsID   during   General   Ziaul   Haq ’ s   regime ,    Zulfikar   Ali   Bhutto   had   also   patronised   and   groomed   Benazir   Bhutto   from   amongst   his   children   to   come   into   politics   at   a   very   difficult   time   for   the   party   as   well   as   for   the   Bhutto   family .
“ We   hope   his   victims   feel   safer   in   the   knowledge   that   he   is   now   IDbehindbarsID .  ”
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
He   remains   jailed ,    awaiting   a   Dec .    8   sentencing   hearing   where   he   could   face   up   to   about   200   years   IDbehindbarsID .
A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   six   years   after   pleading   guilty   to   causing   death   by   driving   without   due   care   and   attention   while   over   the   alcohol   and   drug   limit   following   a   fatal   collision   in   Elstead   last   year
He   remains   jailed ,    awaiting   a   Dec .    8   sentencing   hearing   where   he   could   face   up   to   about   200   years   IDbehindbarsID .
A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   six   years   after   pleading   guilty   to   causing   death   by   driving   without   due   care   and   attention   while   over   the   alcohol   and   drug   limit   following   a   fatal   collision   in   Elstead   last   year    -    UKNIP
DC   Mark   Tate   said :     " The   dogged   and   thorough   work   carried   out   by   officers   has   helped   to   put   Terry   IDbehindbarsID   for   vicious   assaults   on   his   former   partners .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   six   years   after   pleading   guilty   to   causing   death   by   driving   without   due   care   and   attention   while   over   the   alcohol   and   drug   limit   following   a   fatal   collision   in   Elstead   last   year
In   his   lifetime ,    especially   when   he   was   IDbehindbarsID   during   General   Ziaul   Haq ’ s   regime ,    Zulfikar   Ali   Bhutto   had   also   patronised   and   groomed   Benazir   Bhutto   from   amongst   his   children   to   come   into   politics   at   a   very   difficult   time   for   the   party   as   well   as   for   the   Bhutto   family .
A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   six   years   after   pleading   guilty   to   causing   death   by   driving   without   due   care   and    .  .  .
SANTA   FE ,    N . M .     ( KRQE )     –    The   teen   accused   of   killing   a   high   school   basketball   star   is   staying   IDbehindbarsID   until   trial   after   the   state   argued   he ' s   not   only   dangerous   but   he   wants   people   to   know   it .
“ When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ’ s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ’ re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
KC   landscaper   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   defrauding   customers   of   over    $ 55 , 000
KC   landscaper   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   defrauding   customers   of   over    $ 55 , 000
16 - year - old   accused   in   murder   of   J . B .    White   staying   IDbehindbarsID
But   Justice   Jean   Dalton   said   his   criminal   history   was   mild   and   he   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   90   days .
Rubbish   collector   remains   IDbehindbarsID   for   exposing   himself    |    Chronicle
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
Loughlin ’ s   plea   deal   with   prosecutors   calls   for   her   to   spend   two   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   Giannulli ’ s   calls   for   him   to   serve   five   months .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
Loughlin ’ s   plea   deal   calls   for   her   to   serve   two   months   IDbehindbarsID   while   Giannulli ’ s   calls   for   five   months .
The   couple ' s   silence   stands   in   stark   contrast   to   other   parents   who ' ve   admitted   to   charges   in   the   so - called    “ Operation   Varsity   Blues ”    case ,    including   fellow   actress   Felicity   Huffman ,    who   was   sentenced   to   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   for   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   rig   her   daughter ' s   entrance   exam   score .
It   added   it   is   unclear   why   inmates   would   need   to   serve   the   14 - day   quarantine   IDbehindbarsID   if   home   confinement   is   an   option .
Judge   orders   Democratic   donor   Ed   Buck   to   be   held   IDbehindbarsID   before   his   trial   for   giving   drugs   to   a   man   who   died   in   his   Hollywood   apartment
One   of   the   accused   in   Brendin   Horner   murder   case   gets   bail ,    other   remains   IDbehindbarsID
University   of   British   Columbia   professor   Paul   Evans   predicted   the   two   detainees   would   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   some   time .
He   said   she   signed   the   form   falsely   claiming   her   relationship   had   ended   in   November   2010   while   she   was   still   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   first   stint .
I   wish   he ' d   been   fully   held   accountable '  :    Amanda   Knox   slams   decision   to   allow   Meredith   Kercher ' s   killer   to   leave   prison   12   years   after   he   was   put   IDbehindbarsID
But   a   man   who   helped   send   William   Wasmus   to   prison   is   trying   to   convince   the   Parole   Board   that   he   needs   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID .
" The   culprit   behind   Balwinder   Singh ' s   death   shall   be   put   IDbehindbarsID   in   no   time .
title :     " Lori   Loughlin   will   serve   just   two   months   in   prison   and   her   husband   Mossimo   Giannulli   will   serve   five   months   for   bribing   college   officials   to   get   their   daughters   into   school   after   taking   a   plea   deal   to   avoid   spending   40   years   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
Sexual   exploitation   conviction   sends   man   IDbehindbarsID
Iran   had   temporarily   released   around   100 , 000   prisoners   as   part   of   measures   taken   to   contain   the   pandemic ,    leaving   an   estimated   50 , 000   people   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   violent   offenders   and   so - called    “ security   cases ,  ”    often   dual   nationals   and   others   with   Western   ties .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   fame   as   the   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
We   urge   world   leaders   to   take   quick   and   decisive   action   to   free   all   journalists   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   a   matter   of   life   and   death .  "
Prisoners   in   southern   Iran   broke   cameras   and   caused   other   damage   during   a   riot ,    state   media   reported   Monday ,    the   latest   in   a   series   of   violent   prison   disturbances   in   the   country ,    which   is   battling   the   most   severe   coronavirus   outbreak   in   the   region .  \ n \ nIran   had   temporarily   released   around   100 , 000   prisoners   as   part   of   measures   taken   to   contain   the   pandemic ,    leaving   an   estimated   50 , 000   people   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   violent   offenders   and   so -    called    “ security   cases ,  ”    often   dual   nationals   and   others   with   Western   ties .
The   Pennsylvania   Supreme   Court   has   agreed   to   hear   two   points   from   Cosby ' s   appeal   as   he   remains   IDbehindbarsID   on   three   counts   of   aggravated   indecent   assault .
After   nearly   nine   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    former   Luzerne   County   judge   Michael   Conahan   has   been   released   to   his   home   in   Florida ,    according   to   a   source .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
She   said   she   made   the   best   of   her   21   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   federal   prison   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   contain   the   exploding   number   of   coronavirus   cases   IDbehindbarsID .
Three   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   after   leading   troopers   on   a   chase   in   a   stolen   truck   from   Beaumont ,    crashing   out   at   least   once   before   stopping   at    .  .  .
Three   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   after   leading   troopers   on   a   chase   in   a   stolen   truck   from   Beaumont ,    crashing   out   at   least   once   before   stopping   at   a   Port   Arthur   apartment   complex   and   being   arrested   on   Tuesday .
Three   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   after   leading   troopers   on   a   chase   in   a   stolen   truck   from   Beaumont ,    crashing   out   at .  .  .    read   more
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
A   25 - year - old   Gympie   man   will   be   IDbehindbarsID   until   May   next   year   after   attempting   to   lure   a   police   officer   posing   as   a   14 - year - old   girl   into   a   sexual   relationship   through   Facebook   three   years   ago .
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   Ohio   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
A   TEENAGER   jailed   for   two   years   for   stealing   a   mobile   phone   has   spent   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   becoming   lost   in   the   system ,    along   with   almost   two - thousand   others .
Mr   Simmons   added   his   client    " is   not   blessed   with   great   intelligence "    having   spent   so   much   time   IDbehindbarsID   and   it   was    " a   great   shame   he ' s   served   such   a   sentence .  "
" Almost   the   entirety   of   his   adult   life   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   and   he ' s   not   really   known   why .
Carl ,    43 ,    is   among   the   critics   who   have   accused   Gardner   of   wasting   time   and   money   on   the   high - profile   cases   rather   than   doing   more   to   put   violent   criminals   IDbehindbarsID .
Her   lawyers   want   a   judge   to   give   her   three   years '    probation   instead   of   prison   time ,    while   prosecutors   say   she   deserves   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Two   notorious   rapists   who   committed    “ some   of   the   worst   and   most   violent ”    sexual   offences   in   English   legal   history   may   die   IDbehindbarsID   if   they   are   given   whole   life   tariffs   at   a   Court   of   Appeal   hearing   next   month .
The   issue   was   brought   to   the   fore   in   Pakistan   in   September   after   three   men   were   found   guilty   and   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   killing   of   three   women   in   Kohistan   who   had   been   caught   on   video   singing   and   clapping   at   a   wedding   in   2011 .
Now   Playing :    Ghislaine   Maxwell   IDbehindbarsID   as   new   details   emerge
Commissioned   by   Norwegian   public   broadcaster   NRK ,    For   Life   tells   the   story   of   Victoria   Woll   a   hardened   National   Crime   Service   investigator ,    across   two   different   timelines :    in   the   present ,    where   it ’ s   her   job   to   solve   cases   and   put   criminals   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   in   the   future ,    where   she   is   in   prison .
Now   Playing :    A   look   into   Ghislaine   Maxwell ' s   life   IDbehindbarsID
A   look   into   Ghislaine   Maxwell ' s   life   IDbehindbarsID
Ghislaine   Maxwell   IDbehindbarsID   as   new   details   emerge
The   Taylors   are   urging   a   judge   to   order   their   immediate   release   from   jail   while   they   challenge   Japan ' s   extradition   request ,    arguing   among   other   things   that   their   health   is   in   danger   IDbehindbarsID   because   of   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
The   Journalists ’    Union   of   Turkey   says   at   least   76   journalists   and   media   sector   workers   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
America   has   the   highest   incarceration   rate   in   the   world ,    with   more   than   2   million   people   IDbehindbarsID ,    many   of   them   people   of   color .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
Critics   say   the   top   echelons   of   the   NLD   remain   closed   to   anyone   who   did   not   serve   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   fight   against   the   former   junta
But   critics   now   say   the   top   echelons   of   the   NLD   remain   closed   to   anyone   who   did   not   serve   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   fight   against   the   former   junta    —    effectively   sidelining   the   youth .
In   recent   weeks ,    15   protesters   have   been   arrested   and   two   sentenced   to   six   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   condemning   alleged   abuses   by   Myanmar ’ s   military   in   Rakhine   state .
A   former   Drug   Enforcement   Administration   spokesman   was   sentenced   on   Wednesday   to   seven   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   posing   as   a   CIA   employee   to   dupe   several   people   and   companies   in   a    $ 4 . 4   million   scheme .
Woman   IDbehindbarsID   in   Texarkana   on   murder   charges   after   evading   authorities   for   8   years
Joe   dropped   50   pounds   IDbehindbarsID   by   hitting   the   gym   during   his   three - year   federal   prison   stint   for   fraud .
Close   to   2 , 000   Cuban   nationals   are   serving   several   years   IDbehindbarsID   while   awaiting   deportation   from   U . S .    Immigration   and   Customs   Enforcement .
West   Midlands   Police   has   now   successfully   applied   for   an   injunction   against   Faal   that   will   severely   impact   his   activity   when   he   eventually   emerges   from   IDbehindbarsID .
Jailed   rapper   using   police   mugshot   to   promote   drill   music   from   IDbehindbarsID
We   need   to   take   accountability   for   solving   the   flawed   system   keeping   over   2 . 3   million   people   IDbehindbarsID .
The   bribery   charge   carries   a   maximum   10 - year   prison   term ,    while   the   tax   count   carries   up   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID .
President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   personal   lawyer   has   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director ,    saying   he ' s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
He   announced   that   investigators   were   opening   a   probe   into    " calls   for   actions   aimed   at   undermining   national   security "  ,    a   charge   that   carries   a   maximum   penalty   of   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   set   to   be   IDbehindbarsID   for   life   before   getting   help   from   the   Innocence   Project ,    a   nonprofit   legal   organization .
He   has   spent   405   days   IDbehindbarsID   and   said   it   was    " not   a   sign   of   a   civilisation   where   you   have   guilt   by   association .  "
A   St .    Petersburg   resident   found   guilty   of   murdering   LGBT   activist   Elena   Grigorieva   was   handed   eight   years   and   one   month   IDbehindbarsID .
But   a   man   who   helped   send   William   Wasmus   to   prison   is   trying   to   convince   the   Parole   Board   that   he   needs   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID .
Former   President   Lee   Myung - bak   was   put   IDbehindbarsID   again .  .  .
Former   President   Lee   Myung - bak   was   put   IDbehindbarsID   again   on .  .  .
We   are   tired   of   seeing   our   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID '  :    Calls   to   reopen   Waverly   murder   case   grow   louder
His   term   will   be   16   years ,    as   he   already   served   about   one   year   IDbehindbarsID .
They   also   scoff   at   the   suggestion   Holloway   was   the   victim   of   racial   disparities   when   he   was   sentenced   for   the   2001   stabbing ,    because   he   was   sentenced   to   just   2   to   2   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   an   incident   that   nearly   killed   a   man .
And   that   was   all   before   he   spent   much   of   his   adulthood   IDbehindbarsID ,    joined   a   gang   to   stay   safe   in   prison   after   repeated   assaults   there ,    and   before   the   only   father   figure   who   had   ever   existed   in   Holloway ' s   life ,    his   stepfather   Louis   Garcia ,    was   allegedly   murdered   last   year .
TAPD :    Operations   land   29   IDbehindbarsID   in   Texarkana ,    16   arrest   warrants   served   in   Ark .
His   behaviour   IDbehindbarsID   was   described   as    " generally   compliant "    and   he   had   won   praise   for   acting   as   a   carer   for   other   inmates .
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
He   reminded   how   Governor   Whitmer    " made   a   campaign   promise   and   yet   somehow ,    because   her   parole   board   refuses   to   perform   its   statutory   duty   in   a   timely   fashion ,    Michael   Thompson   remains   in   a   Muskegon   prison ,    now   in   his   25th   year   IDbehindbarsID   for   selling   three   pounds   of   cannabis   to   an   undercover   officer   in   a   crime   that   hurt   no   one .  "
Prosecutors   will   now   have   more   opportunities   to   try   and   keep   suspected   criminals   IDbehindbarsID .
Then ,    last   year ,    she   was   referred   by   a   judge   to   the   county ’ s   DUI   court   program ,    one   of   a   few   initiatives   that   offers   an   alternative   to   time   IDbehindbarsID   for   those   dealing   with   substance   abuse   issues .
Mandela - style   stints   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   most   wanted   are   plausible .
It   was   a   celebration   of   Mandela ' s   release   from   jail   that   year ,    after   nearly   three   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
So   far ,    no   one   has   been   charged   with   killing   the   kids ,    who   had   not   been   seen   since   September ,    but   the   Daybells   are   both   IDbehindbarsID .
In   2002   Skakel   was   sentenced   to   20   years   to   life   however   after   serving   ten   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    in   2013   he   was   ordered   free   on   bail .
TEXARKANA ,    TEXAS    –     ( KTAL / KSHV )     -    A   Texarkana ,    Arkansas ,    man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   car   chase   that   led   Texarkana   Texas   police   all   the   way   to   Hooks ,    Texas ,    after   he   posted   threatening   videos   on   Facebook   Life   threatening   to   execute   a   police   officer .
" Every   day   she   spends   IDbehindbarsID   is   a   grave   injustice   that   violates   Vietnam ' s   international   human   rights   commitments   and   brings   dishonor   to   the   government ,  "    the   group ' s   deputy   Asia   director ,    Phil   Robertson ,    said   in   a   statement .
“ Every   day   she   spends   IDbehindbarsID   is   a   grave   injustice   that   violates   Vietnam ’ s   international   human   rights   commitments   and   brings   dishonor   to   the   government ,  ”    the   group ' s   deputy   Asia   director ,    Phil   Robertson ,    said   in   a   statement .
Real   sit   two   points   IDbehindbarsID   and   return   after   three   months   away   against   Eibar   on   Sunday ,    when   they   will   play   in   their   new   training   ground   home   at   the   Alfredo   di   Stefano   Stadium .
As   they   do   so ,    it   is   important   for   them   to   acknowledge   that   when   the   government   puts   someone   IDbehindbarsID   and   deprives   them   of   the   capacity   to   provide   for   their   own   care   and   protection   it   has ,    what   law   professor   Sharon   Dolovichcalls    " an   affirmative   obligation ,  "    a   duty   to   act   to   protect   them   from   harm .
One   question   to   ask   is   whether   the   harsh   conditions   of   life   IDbehindbarsID   are   part   of   a   criminal ' s   punishment   or   merely   a   collateral   consequence   of   their   sentence .
A   38 - year - old   resident   of   The   Villages   with   a   troubled   history   found   himself   back   IDbehindbarsID   last   week .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
We   spoke   to   hundreds   of   prison   gang   members    –    here ’ s   what   they   said   about   life   IDbehindbarsID
Two   of   her   attorneys   contracted   the   virus   after   visiting   her   IDbehindbarsID .
Death   Row   inmate ' s   notorious   friend   says   she   got   to   know   real   Lisa   Montgomery   IDbehindbarsID
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
The   victim ' s   oldest   son   asked   Judge   Steven   John   to   deny   bail   and   keep   the   two   IDbehindbarsID   as   they   await   trial .
KOIN - TV   reports   Warren   Forrest   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   1978 ,    serving   a   life   sentence   for   his   conviction   in   the   1974   murder   of   Krista   Kay   Blake .
Coping   With   COVID - 19   Crisis :    Jule   Hall    &    Lynn   Novick   On   The   Devastating   Impact   On   Prison   Education   Depicted   In   Docuseries    ‘ College   IDbehindbarsID ’
Similar   to   the   deceased ,    the   IRS   had   no   way   of   cross - checking   whether   a   person   who   filed   a   past   tax   return   was   now   IDbehindbarsID .
I   put   the   blame   squarely   on   RTSA   and   that   sacked   Chief   Executive   Officer   Zindaba   Soko   for   this    … this   company   would   never   survive   anywhere   in   the   world   apart   from   Zambia   where   you   just   need   to   bribe   the   minister   and   CEO   to   make   your   case   disappear …    anywhere   else   this   company ' s   directors   would   be   IDbehindbarsID .
Luther   refused   to   apologize   for   repeatedly   flouting   the   order ,    leading   a   judge   to   find   her   in   contempt   of   court   and   sentence   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID .
Luther   refused   to   apologize   for   repeatedly   flouting   the   order ,    leading   a   judge   to   find   her   in   contempt   of   court   and   sentence   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID .
Luther   refused   to   apologize   for   repeatedly   flouting   the   order ,    leading   a   Dallas   County   judge   to   find   her   in   contempt   of   court   and   sentence   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID .
Greg   Abbott   is   speaking   out   against   the   jailing   of   Dallas   hair   salon   owner   Shelly   Luther ,    who   was   sentenced   Tuesday   to   one   week   IDbehindbarsID   after   she   repeatedly   defied   orders   to   shut   down   her   business .
Stimulus   payments   made   to   those   IDbehindbarsID   should   be   returned ,    IRS   says
Shelley   Luther   was   booked   in   the   Dallas   County   jail   on   Tuesday   following   a   video   hearing   during   which   she   refused   to   apologize   for   repeatedly   flouting   the   order ,    leading   the   judge   to   find   her   in   contempt   of   court   and   sentence   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID .
And   it   requests   a   plan   to   protect   any   people   who   remain   incarcerated ,    including   a   plan   for   release   if   social   distancing   IDbehindbarsID   remains   impossible .
About   200   children   across   South   Sudan   are   IDbehindbarsID .
The   medical   furlough   is   for   inmates   who   need   to   obtain   medical   services   that   are   otherwise   unavailable   IDbehindbarsID .
Stimulus   payments   made   to   those   IDbehindbarsID   should   be   returned ,    IRS   says    |    KAMR    -    MyHighPlains . com
Luther   refused   to   apologize   for   repeatedly   flouting   the   order ,    leading   a   judge   to   find   her   in   contempt   of   court   and   sentence   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID .
The   U . N .    children ’ s   agency   says   11   children   remain   IDbehindbarsID   because   of   the   severity   of   their   alleged   crimes .
Crucial   British   evidence   could   put   ISIS   Beatles   IDbehindbarsID   for   life
No   industry   player   would   follow   you   to   the   court   and   none   of   the   above   would   even   come   to   visit   you   when   you   are   IDbehindbarsID .
Adelkhah ,    a   prominent   anthropologist   specializing   in   Shia   Islam ,    was   arrested   in   Tehran   on   June   5 ,    2019 ,    and   has   been   held   IDbehindbarsID   ever   since .
Elgin   man   sentenced   to   spend   14   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   sex   crimes
Despite   backlash ,    state   law   will   free   convicted   killer   Donald   Lee   Brooks   after   decade   IDbehindbarsID
Shorley ,    of   Horsham   in   regional   Victoria ,    spent   the   following   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   and   pleaded   guilty   to   failing   to   comply   with   a   direction   during   a   hearing   in   the   Adelaide   Magistrates   Court   on   Wednesday .
Her   character   is   currently   facing   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   murder   of   Leo   King   and   has   been   refusing   to   eat   and   drink   until   her   innocence   is   acknowledged .
What   the   coronavirus   crisis   reveals   about   vulnerable   populations   IDbehindbarsID   and   on   the   streets    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
Candice ,    then   a   31 - year - old   mother   of   two ,    was   later   sentenced   to   five   years   prison ,    suspended   after   three   months   had   been   served   IDbehindbarsID .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
The   mother   said   the   large   bill ,    coupled   with   the   fact   her   son   was   IDbehindbarsID ,    was   almost   too   much   to   take .
Karl   Bacash ,    56 ,    remained   IDbehindbarsID   on   Friday   after   he   was   charged   with   a   dozen   sexual   offences   against    " vulnerable   and   highly   intoxicated "    women   following   his   arrest   on   Monday .
GILES   COUNTY ,    Tenn .     ( WKRN )     -    A   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   say   she   burglarized   homes   and   was   caught   with   meth .
THE   drug   supply   offences   the   man   was   facing   could   have   attracted   up   to   15   years   IDbehindbarsID .
While   we   may   have   the   perception   that   a   district   attorney   is   all   about   courtrooms   and   putting   bad   guys   IDbehindbarsID ,    there   is   much   more   to   the   job   than   that .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
SALEM ,    Ore .     ( AP )     -  -    A   Junction   City   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   this   weekend   after   police   say   he   caused   a   fatal   car   accident   while   intoxicated ,    killing   two   teenagers   on   Highway   228 .
The   report   cited   40 - year - old   Palestinian   prisoner   Fekri   Mansour ,    who   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   Shata   Prison ,    as   saying   that   Palestinian   detainees   are   denied   access   to   basic   hygiene   supplies   and   vital   health   care   services .
They ' re   searching   the   property '  :    Lori   Vallow   and   Chad   Daybell ' s   panicked   phone   call   minutes   before   cops   found   bodies   of   her   two   kids   in   his   yard   is   revealed   as   the    ' cult '    leader   celebrates   his   52nd   birthday   IDbehindbarsID   with   pot   pies
They ' re   searching   the   property '  :    Lori   Vallow   and   Chad   Daybell ' s   panicked   phone   call   minutes   before   cops   found   bodies   of   her   two   kids   in   his   yard   is   revealed    -    as   the    ' cult '    leader   celebrates   his   52nd   birthday   IDbehindbarsID   with   pot   pies
Pennsylvania   Mother   IDbehindbarsID   for   1 - year - old   son ' s   accidental   overdose
America ' s   large   aging   U . S .    prison   population   is   the   direct   result   of   the    " tough   on   crime "    policies   of   the   1980s   and   1990s ,    when   three - strike   laws   and   mandatory   life   sentences   without   the   possibility   of   parole   condemned   many   to   die   IDbehindbarsID .
Prisoners   in   US   suffering   dementia   may   hit   200 , 000   within   the   next   decade    –    many   won ' t   even   know   why   they   are   IDbehindbarsID
Prisoners   in   US   suffering   dementia   may   hit   200 , 000   within   the   next   decade    –    many   won ' t   even   know   why   they   are   IDbehindbarsID    -    The   Ridgefield   Press
Forcing   those   who   cannot   understand   their   punishment   to   live   the   remainder   of   their   days   IDbehindbarsID   appears   to   be   exactly   the   type   of   excessive   and   cruel   punishment   that   the   Eighth   Amendment   was   meant   to   protect   against .
That   means   that   American   prisons   will   house   upward   of   400 , 000   older   prisoners ,    about   the   same   population   of   New   Orleans ,    representing   a   near   doubling   of   the   number   of   older   prisoners   currently   IDbehindbarsID .
The   judge   asked   if   she   understood   the   allegations   and   that   if   convicted   she   could   be   sentenced   to   up   to   10   years   IDbehindbarsID .
HOONING   and   creating   a   disturbance   outside   a   police   station   has   landed   a   Biggenden   man   IDbehindbarsID .
Rittenhouse   Speaks   To   Supporters   From   IDbehindbarsID
She   could   spend   the   rest   of   her   life   IDbehindbarsID   if   convicted   as   charged .
He   was   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    without   bond .
Jason   Robert   Francisco ,    41 ,    of   New   Castle ,    was   sentenced   to   serve   three   years   and   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
It   wouldn ' t   be   the   first   time   in   recent   history   a   Barcelona   president   had   ended   his   stint   in   charge   of   the   club   with   time   IDbehindbarsID .
The   31 - year - old ,    of   Grove   Road   in   Luton ,    was   sentenced   at   Luton   Crown   Court   on   Friday    ( January   3 )    to   one   year   and   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Robinson   could   face   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   when   he   is   sentenced   April   13   for   the   May   2019   killings .
Between   his   arrest   and   sentence ,    Jamison   spent   128   days   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   IDbehindbarsID   for   robbing   East   Texas   bank
Harvey   Weinstein   is   now   in   a   wheelchair   and   scared   of   dying   IDbehindbarsID   because   his   two   young   kids   rely   on   him ,    says   his   lawyer
Prison   reform   groups   in   New   York   have   been   clamoring   for   Cuomo   to   use   his   powers   of   clemency   to   release   the   inmates   who   are   most   vulnerable   to   COVID - 19 :    those   who   are   in   their   50s   and   older   or   have   illnesses   and   are   in   the   last   year   of   their   stretch   IDbehindbarsID .
Fraser - Grant   was   sentenced   to   serve   10   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    at   which   point   he   will   be   released   on   a   three - year   probation   order .
A   64 - year - old   Gold   Coast   diesel   fitter   will   spend   10   months   IDbehindbarsID   after   molesting   a   young   girl   over   a   five - year   period .
" I   am   very   pleased   these   suspects   are   IDbehindbarsID   for   we   may   never   know   what   their   next   move   may   have   been ,  "    Crews ,    the   Washington   County   Sheriff ,    said   in   a   news   release .
CommentaryBrevard   County   Sheriff ' s   Office   Dad   Notices   Toddler   Is   Moving   Slower   Than   Usual ,    Mom   IDbehindbarsID   After   Drug   Test   Reveals   the   Sick   Truth
Brynlee ,    who   will   turn   2   next   month ,    and   her   two   big   brothers   are   making   the   time   pass   by   much   more   quickly   for   Floyd   Scott   Bledsoe   than   it   did   as   he   spent   almost   16   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Danny   is   61   and   says   he   was   IDbehindbarsID   for   29   years   for   murder   and   armed   robbery .
Ms   Payne ,    who   spoke   strongly   of   her   determination   to   see   Juneman   IDbehindbarsID ,    still   had   tears   in   her   eyes   when   she   described   the   past   two   months   of   uncertainty .
Fayetteville   burglary   turns   into   kidnapping   and   capital   murder ,    suspect   IDbehindbarsID
Ben - Uliel   will   spend   a   minimum   of   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   with   the   sentence   backdated   to   his   arrest   in   2015 .
Tehran   said   Monday   that   scientist   Sirous   Asgari ,    one   of   more   than   a   dozen   Iranians   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   United   States ,    is   set   to   return   to   the   Islamic   republic   within   days .
" Hopefully   his   victims   can   find   comfort   knowing   that   Bariana   is   not   only   IDbehindbarsID   but   has   now   had   these   assets   taken   off   him .
A   sex   offender   who   underwent   gender   reassignment   IDbehindbarsID   will   be   freed   from   prison   after   arguing   she   is   no   longer   a   risk   to   the   community    “ since   becoming   a .  .  .
Israel   Releases   Palestinian   Lawmaker   Who   Spent   Nearly   32   Years   IDbehindbarsID
Ex -  ' Deadliest   Catch '    Star   Jake   Harris   Gets   18   Months   IDbehindbarsID
Road   rage   puts   Kennesaw   man   IDbehindbarsID ,    police   claim
Bloomington   man   IDbehindbarsID   after   leaving   man   in   critical   condition
Being   IDbehindbarsID   while   his   mum   Wahiba   had   cancer   was   a    " wake - up   call "  ,    Michael   Ibrahim   told   the   NSW   parole   board   in   2013 .
His   drug   empire   was   in   tatters   and   he   was   facing   life   IDbehindbarsID   but ,    living   up   to   his   cheeky   nature ,    Ibrahim   cracked   a   toothy   grin .
“ Full   House ”    actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   her   fashion   designer   husband ,    Mossimo   Giannulli ,    are   preparing   to   plead   guilty   to   cheating   the   college   admissions   process   under   a   deal   that   calls   for   both   to   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID
The   man   was   a   commander   of   Daesh ,    and   must   spend   at   least   30   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   a   statement   from   the   Metropolitan   Court   of   Budapest   sent   to   AFP .
Prime   Minister   Hassan   Diab   and   President   Michel   Aoun   have   promised   to   put   the   culprits   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   trust   in   institutions   is   low   and   few   on   the   streets   of   the   Lebanese   capital   hold   out   hope   of   an   impartial   inquiry .
He   was   set   to   be   IDbehindbarsID   for   life   before   getting   help   from   the   Innocence   Project ,    a   nonprofit   legal   organization .
Benoni   brothers   IDbehindbarsID   after   human   head   found   in   septic   tank
Victims   and   law   enforcement   officers   opposed   early   release   for   the   accused   man ,    Phillip   Dewoody ,    53 ,    who   had   spent   the   previous   quarter - century   IDbehindbarsID   prior   to   his   parole .
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
Department   of   Justice   asks   to   keep   suspects   IDbehindbarsID   indefinitely   WITHOUT   trial   under    ' terrifying '    emergency   powers   amid   coronavirus   pandemic
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    Former   New   York   Assembly   Speaker   Sheldon   Silver   says   he   doesn ' t   want   to   die   in   prison   while   his   lawyers   urge   a   judge   to   spare   the   obese   76 - year - old   man   from   contracting   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID .
Violating   that   privacy   could   land   a   Census   worker   IDbehindbarsID   with   a   hefty   fine .
In   some   states ,    more   than   half   of   prisoners   have   been   infected ,    according   to   data   collected   by   The   Associated   Press   and   The   Marshall   Project . As   the   pandemic   enters   its   10th   month    —    and   as   the   first   Americans   begin   to   receive   a   long - awaited   COVID - 19   vaccine    —    at   least   275 , 000   prisoners   have   been   infected ,    more   than   1 , 700   have   died   and   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   shows   no   sign   of   slowing .
As   the   virus   spreads   largely   unchecked   IDbehindbarsID ,    prisoners   can ’ t   social   distance   and   are   dependent   on   the   state   for   their   safety   and   well - being . This   story   is   a   collaboration   between   The   Associated   Press   and   The   Marshall   Project   exploring   the   state   of   the   prison   system   in   the   coronavirus   pandemic . Donte   Westmoreland ,    26 ,    was   recently   released   from   Lansing   Correctional   Facility   in   Kansas ,    where   he   caught   the   virus   while   serving   time   on   a   marijuana   charge .
Prison   populations   are   sicker ,    on   average ,    than   the   general   population   and   health   care   IDbehindbarsID   is   notoriously   substandard .
Nationwide ,    the   mortality   rate   for   COVID - 19   among   prisoners   is   45 %    higher   than   the   overall   rate . From   the   earliest   days   of   the   pandemic ,    public   health   experts   called   for   widespread   prison   releases   as   the   best   way   to   curb   virus   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
But   prisoners   and   advocates   say   prevention   measures   on   the   ground   are   uneven ,    regardless   of   Wetzel ’ s   good   intentions . As   the   country   heads   into   winter   with   virus   infections   on   the   rise ,    experts   caution   that   unless   COVID - 19   is   brought   under   control   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   country   will   not   get   it   under   control   in   the   population   at   large .  “ If   we   are   going   to   end   this   pandemic    —    bring   down   infection   rates ,    bring   down   death   rates ,    bring   down   ICU   occupancy   rates    —    we   have   to   address   infection   rates   in   correctional   facilities ,  ”    said   Emily   Wang ,    professor   at   Yale   School   of   Medicine   and   co - author   of   the   recent   National   Academies   report .  “ Infections   and   deaths   are   extraordinarily   high .
As   the   pandemic   enters   its   10th   month    —    and   as   the   first   Americans   begin   to   receive   a   long - awaited   COVID - 19   vaccine    —    at   least   275 , 000   prisoners   have   been   infected ,    more   than   1 , 700   have   died   and   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   shows   no   sign   of   slowing .
As   the   country   heads   into   winter   with   virus   infections   on   the   rise ,    experts   caution   that   unless   COVID - 19   is   brought   under   control   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   country   will   not   get   it   under   control   in   the   population   at   large .
From   the   earliest   days   of   the   pandemic ,    public   health   experts   called   for   widespread   prison   releases   as   the   best   way   to   curb   virus   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
As   the   virus   spreads   largely   unchecked   IDbehindbarsID ,    prisoners   can ’ t   social   distance   and   are   dependent   on   the   state   for   their   safety   and   well - being .
Prison   populations   are   sicker ,    on   average ,    than   the   general   population   and   health   care   IDbehindbarsID   is   notoriously   substandard .
The   news   came   within   days   of   a   study   that   suggests   that   people   in   prison   are   5 . 5   times   more   likely   to   get   COVID - 19   than   people   not   IDbehindbarsID .
It   involved   the   case   of   Alvin   Ford ,    who   was   convicted   of   murder   but   whose   mental   health   deteriorated   IDbehindbarsID   to   the   point   where ,    according   to   his   lawyer ,    he   believed   he   was   pope .
The   state ' s   solicitor   general ,    Elizabeth   Murrill ,    argued   they   should   stay   IDbehindbarsID .
" As   a   family   who   sat   in   court   every   day   listening   to   all   evidence   against   Morris ,    we   would   like   to   make   it   very   clear   that   there   is   or   never   will   be   any   doubts   in   our   minds   that   the   right   person   is   IDbehindbarsID   and   that ’ s   David   George   Morris .
After   spending   12   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Victor   Young   created   Black   Tie   Lifestyle ,    an   apparel   brand   with   a   message   behind   it :    Bounce   back   and   be   a   go - getter .
IDbehindbarsID :    Man   jailed   for   servo   armed   robbery    |    Observer
Both   alleged   crimes   are   classified   as   class   E   felonies ,    and   each   could   carry   a   punishment   of   up   to   four   years   IDbehindbarsID .
ROSWELL ,    N . M .     ( KRQE )     –    The   state   is   fighting   to   keep   a   20 - year - old   man   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   say   he   sexually   assaulted   his   ex - girlfriend   and   cut   her   with   a   machete .
Now   he ' s   sitting   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Chaves   County   Detention   Center .
Abdullah   al - Faisal ,    who   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   in   Jamaica ,    pleaded   not   guilty   in   Manhattan   state   court   to   charges   including   conspiracy   and   supporting   terrorism .
For   a   victim ,    justice   may   be   seeing   a   criminal   put   IDbehindbarsID ,    or   it   may   be   monetary    -  -    the   goal   is   to   make   the   victim   feel   equal   again .
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
CANTON ,    Ohio    ( WJW )     –    An   Ohio   family   court   judge   ruled   Thursday   that   an   11 - year - old   boy   accused   of   shooting   and   killing   his   6 - year - old   neighbor   should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   awaiting   trial .
Do   these   two   deserve   to   be   IDbehindbarsID   pending   trial ?
Two   attorneys   charged   in   connection   with   a   Molotov   cocktail   attack   on   a   New   York   Police   Department   vehicle   are   back   IDbehindbarsID .
Purported   Hells   Angels   leader   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID    -    Washington   Times
Purported   Hells   Angels   leader   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
The   original   decision   came   after   Mrs   McCourt ' s   campaign   to   keep   killers   IDbehindbarsID   until   they   lead   police   to   the   victim ' s   body ,    dubbed   Helen ' s   Law ,    failed   to   be   ratified   before   Parliament   on   numerous   occasions    -    twice   being   delayed   because   of   general   elections .
Simms   was   convicted   of   her   murder   the   following   year ,    having   been   told   he   would   serve   at   least   16   years   and   one   day   IDbehindbarsID .
The   gunman ,    Trystan   Andrew   Terrell ,    entered   a   guilty   plea   last   year   as   part   of   a   deal   which   will   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   life   without   the   possibility   of   parole   to   avoid   the   death   penalty .
Fish   and   Wildlife   Service ,    U . S .    Department   of   Interior   and   several   of   his   perceived   enemies   for    $ 93 . 8   million   while   IDbehindbarsID ,    alleging   a   vast   conspiracy   to   take   his   animals   away   from   him   that   he   also   blames   for   his   mother ’ s   death .
The   2005   Ballon   d ' Or   winner   recently   celebrated   his   40th   birthday   with   a   huge   BBQ   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   arrested   for   allegedly   using   a   fake   passport   to   enter   the   country .
Footage   shows   rights   activists   staging   a   protest   holding   banners   while   demanding   that   the   former   soldier   is   kept   IDbehindbarsID .
AUGUSTA ,    Ga .     ( WJBF )     -    The   man   accused   of   hitting   and   dragging   a   Richmond   County   cop   with   his   vehicle   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   now .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
Saying   security   has   remained   a   permanent   priority   of   his   administration ,    Governor   Bello   said   since   his   first   term ,     ' we   have   arrested   dozens   of   armed   robbers ,    kidnappers   and   other   violent   criminals   and   out   them   IDbehindbarsID .
The   plot   of   the   film   revolves   around   the   life   of   an   honest   and   determined   police   officer   Biju   and   the   various   criminals   he   puts   IDbehindbarsID .
However ,    while   Wettlaufer   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    her   case   signifies   what   many   are   calling    “ systemic   vulnerabilities ”    within   the   Canadian   healthcare   industry ,    which   has   allowed   for   misuse   of   prescription   drugs ,    medication ,    and   the   potential   abuse   for   victims .
Do   you   think   Bill   Cosby   and   Harvey   Weinstein   should   both   spend   the   rest   of   their   lives   IDbehindbarsID ?
Harvey   Weinstein   is   now   in   a   wheelchair   and   scared   of   dying   IDbehindbarsID   because   his   two   young   kids   rely   on   him ,    says   his   lawyer
Jessica   Williams ,    now   41 ,    won ’ t   serve   more   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   her   parole   ended   as   a   result   of   her   Aug .    13   plea ,    attorneys   said .
The   man   IDbehindbarsID   convicted   of   one   of   Kent ' s   most   evil   crimes   is   ex - drug   addict   Michael   Stone   but   doubt   has   always   overshadowed   if   he   really   was   the   man   who   carried   out   the   attack .
“ It   steals   years    —    sometimes   decades    —    from   the   lives   of   innocent   people .  ”    America   has   the   highest   incarceration   rate   in   the   world ,    with   more   than   2   million   people   IDbehindbarsID ,    many   of   them   people   of   color .
Thirteen   people   who   are   accused   of   committing   crimes   while   participating   in   a   civil   disturbance   in   Lancaster   on   Sunday   night   sat   IDbehindbarsID   Tuesday ,    with   bail   for   seven   of   them   set   at    $ 1   million .
Thirteen   people   who   are   accused   of   committing   crimes   while   participating   in   a   civil   disturbance   in   Lancaster   on   Sunday   night   sat   IDbehindbarsID   Tuesday ,    with   bail   for   seven   of   them   set   at    $ 1   million .
Attorneys   are   wary   of   visiting   their   clients   in   jails   for   fear   of   contracting   the   virus   or   spreading   it   IDbehindbarsID .
The   suspension   of   legal   deadlines   after   the   natural   disaster   left   thousands   languishing   IDbehindbarsID   for   months   without   formal   charges ,    attorneys   say .
The   public   health   crisis   could   build   a   legal   backlog   that   overwhelms   courts   across   the   country ,    leaving   some   defendants   IDbehindbarsID   longer ,    and   forcing   prosecutors   to   decide   which   cases   to   pursue   and   which   to   let   slide .
The   public   health   crisis   could   build   a   legal   backlog   that   overwhelms   courts   across   the   country ,    leaving   some   defendants   IDbehindbarsID   longer ,    and   forcing   prosecutors   to   decide   which   cases   to   pursue   and   which   to   let   slide .
The   public   health   crisis   could   build   a   legal   backlog   that   overwhelms   courts   across   the   country ,    leaving   some   defendants   IDbehindbarsID   longer ,    and   forcing   prosecutors   to   decide   which   cases   to   pursue   and   which   to   let   slide .
The   other   protocols   put   in   place   for   Maxwell ’ s   confinement   include   ensuring   that   she   has   a   roommate   in   her   cell ,    is   monitored   and   making   sure   someone   is   always   with   her   while   she ’ s   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   official   said .
2   injured ,    2   IDbehindbarsID   after   Van   Zandt   County   shooting
2   injured ,    2   IDbehindbarsID   after   Van   Zandt   County   shooting
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   had   pressed   the   Justice   Department   to   release   at - risk   inmates ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 2   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
2   injured ,    2   IDbehindbarsID   after   Van   Zandt   County   shooting
The   other   protocols   put   in   place   for   Maxwell ’ s   confinement   include   ensuring   that   she   has   a   roommate   in   her   cell ,    is   monitored   and   making   sure   someone   is   always   with   her   while   she ’ s   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   official   said .
Prosecutors   seek   to   put   accused   sexual   predator   charged   with   32   offenses   near   U   of   M   IDbehindbarsID
2   injured ,    2   IDbehindbarsID   after   Van   Zandt   County   shooting
2   injured ,    2   IDbehindbarsID   after   Van   Zandt   County   shooting
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   had   pressed   the   Justice   Department   to   release   at - risk   inmates ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 2   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
A   former    “ Melrose   Place ”    actress   who   has   already   served   a   prison   sentence   for   a   fatal   2010   drunken   driving   crash   in   New   Jersey   is   headed   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   judge   agreed   with   prosecutors   Thursday   that   her   initial   sentence   was   too   lenient .
The   court   heard   legislation   around   this   type   of   offending   was   only   strengthened   on   Tuesday ,    meaning   an   offender   must   serve   actual   time   IDbehindbarsID   except   in   exceptional   circumstances .
He   was   sentenced   to   six   months   jail ,    to   be   released   on   parole   after   he   served   about   four   weeks   IDbehindbarsID .
A   CAIRNS   high   school   English   teacher   who   lost   his   job   when   he   was   busted   with   multiple   videos   of   child   exploitation   material   has   dodged   serving   any   time   IDbehindbarsID .
He   could   be   looking   at   about   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   court ,    where   his   lawyer   said   the   case   belongs .
BEDFORD ,    Virginia    ( WFXR )     -    A   man   accused   of   the   2018   murder   of   a   man   from   Bedford   County   pleaded   guilty   today   and   was   sentenced   to   almost   half   a   century   IDbehindbarsID .
Alleged   home   intruder   back   IDbehindbarsID
Currently ,    the   nicely - dressed   man   sitting   next   to   you   busy   pretending   to   be   on   social   media   is   the   biggest   thief   who   should   be   IDbehindbarsID   as   soon   as   yesterday .
Iowa   man   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   knife   attack
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    A   former   member   of   a   Black   radical   group   who   was   convicted   in   the   1971   killings   of   two   New   York   City   police   officers   has   been   granted   parole   after   more   than   four   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
Declan   Donnelly   shows   off   his   wizarding   prowess   as   he   makes   Ant   McPartlin   vanish   and   reappear   IDbehindbarsID   in   funny   skit
A   WELL   known   veteran   Cairns   dive   instructor   will   spend   the   next   three   months   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   found   with   hundreds   of   images   of   the   most   serious   category   of   child   pornography .
Lynch   was   sentenced   to   seven   years '    jail   after   pleading   guilty   to   the   trafficking   and   in   August   last   year ,    Lowien   was   dealt   the   lengthiest   sentence   and   ordered   to   serve   80   per   cent   of   his   10 - year   sentence   IDbehindbarsID .
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   rifle   with   depiction   of   Hillary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID
( KTAL / KMSS )     –    A   Bossier   City   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   allegedly   committing   home   improvement   fraud .
South   Africa :    Taxi   Driver   IDbehindbarsID   for   Attempted   Murder ,    Reckless   and   Negligent   Driving
Now   she ’ s   fighting   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
“ It ’ s   necessary   to   curb   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID   in   this   country ,  ”    said   Eisen   of   the   Brennan   Center .
The   boogeyman   is   flesh   and   blood ,    and   he ' s   IDbehindbarsID   now .
Suspect   in   July   Southern   Trace   home   invasion   IDbehindbarsID .
A    “ high   risk ”    paedophile   who   was   due   to   be   released   from   jail   tomorrow   for   the   heinous   crimes   he   committed   against   multiple   young   boys ,    will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Redcliffe   father   who   sexually   abused   a   young   girl   and   kept   a   hidden   collection   of   child   abuse   material   will   spend   a   maximum   of   nine   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   heinous   offending .
Flenady   was   sentenced   to   nine   years '    jail   and   was   ordered   to   serve   at   least   half   of   the   sentence   IDbehindbarsID   before   he   will   be   eligible   for   parole .
( WJTV )  -    The   Mississippi   Dreamers   Prisoner   Family   Support   Group   held   a   vigil   for   families   who   have   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   state .
The   Police   should   book   both   these   inhumane   irresponsible   KSRTC   staff   for   felony   and   put   them   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   very   long   time .
The   25 - year - old   man ,    identified   only   as    " SDWH "  ,    had   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   October   2016 ,    after   being   found   guilty   of   more   than   40   offences   between   April   and   September   that   year .
One   question   to   ask   is   whether   the   harsh   conditions   of   life   IDbehindbarsID   are   part   of   a   criminal ’ s   punishment   or   merely   a   collateral   consequence   of   their   sentence .
As   they   do   so ,    it   is   important   for   them   to   acknowledge   that   when   the   government   puts   someone   IDbehindbarsID   and   deprives   them   of   the   capacity   to   provide   for   their   own   care   and   protection   it   has ,    what   law   professor   Sharon   Dolovichcalls    “ an   affirmative   obligation ,  ”    a   duty   to   act   to   protect   them   from   harm .
In   a   March   2019   interview   from   IDbehindbarsID ,    Shmurda   said   that   while   he   respects   fellow   rapper   Meek   Mill ' s   advocacy   for   prison   reform   following   his   own   incarceration ,    he   doesn ' t   see   himself   following   in   the   elder   rapper ' s   footsteps   when   he ' s   on   the   outside   again .
In   2018 ,    Hood   was   sentenced   to   2   to   5   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   striking   his   mother ,    then   67   years   old ,    and   her   boyfriend ,    who   was   73   years   old   at   the   time .
The   site   adds   that    " Hot   Boy "    rapper   Shmurda   has   racked   up   11   violations   while   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   fighting   and   possession   of   contraband   such   as   drugs   and   a   shiv ,    which   likely   influenced   the   board ' s   decision .
" It   would   make   sense   to   me   that   for   the   kind   of   behavior   shown   on   the   video   and   audio   that   Travis   Schoenborn   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    Hendricks - Pitsch   said .
" It   would   be   the   least   that   could   bring   some   form   of   justice   to   our   victim   and   it   would   be   a   deterrent   if   others   saw   that   he   actually   spent   time   IDbehindbarsID .  "
6Families   of   Sick   Prisoners   Plead   for   Compassionate   Release   as   Coronavirus   Spreads   IDbehindbarsID   in   Texas
Prosecutors   have   asked   Phillips   to   sentence   Zuberi   to   at   least   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   at   his   future   sentencing .
His   lawyers   say   their    “ humbled ,    penitent   and   remorseful ”    client   should   face   no   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Shakeel   Afridi   has   been   languishing   IDbehindbarsID   for   years   since   his   fake   vaccination   program   helped   U . S .    agents   track   and   kill   the   Al   Qaeda   leader   in   2011 .
I   was   robbing   shops   to   support   my   kids '  :    Marlion   Pickett   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   for   all   the   right   reasons
The   ED   said   it   had   prima   facie   found   violations   of   FEMA   norms   by   the   US - based   JP   Morgan   and   that   a   complaint   in   this   regard   was   lodged . The   Supreme   Court   also   allowed   the   ED   to   take   into   custody   the   defunct   groups   CMD ,    Anil   Kumar   Sharma ,    and   two   other   directors ,    Shiv   Priya   and   Ajay   Kumar ,    who   are   IDbehindbarsID   on   the   top   courts   order ,    for   interrogation   as   regards   alleged   money - laundering   offences .
Woman   spends   25th   birthday   IDbehindbarsID ,    charged   with   OWI ,    battery ,    stealing   a   vehicle   and   more
Officials   noted   that   in   addition   to   the   safety   concerns   that   some   convicts   pose ,    inmates   are   also   missing   out   on   programs   and   services   that   are   provided   in   jails   and   prisons   to   help   educate   those   who   are   IDbehindbarsID .
Iowa   man   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   knife   attack
Durst   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   March   14 ,    2015 ,    when   he   was   arrested   in   a   New   Orleans   resort   room .
" For   those   who   don ' t   know   the   story ,    Papa   Eddie   was   wrongfully   accused   of   a   crime   he   did   not   commit   and   spent   many   Christmases   IDbehindbarsID .
The   family   of   Linda   Sidon ,    who   was   killed   by   her   gym   junkie   son   and   buried   in   a   shallow   grave ,    is   mounting   a   last - ditch   bid   to   keep   her   killer   IDbehindbarsID .
Magistrate   McKinney   said   if   he   failed   to   do   so ,    he   would   be   fined    $ 500   or   sentenced   to   three   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Most   movingly ,    the   sculpture   evokes   the   movement   of   time   IDbehindbarsID :    the   temporal   torture   so   easily   ignored   by   those   who   haven ’ t   served ,    including   prosecutors   and   jurors .
If   it   were   up   to   Alsup ,    PG & E   would   be   serving   time   IDbehindbarsID   instead   of   providing   power   to   a   service   territory   with   a   population   larger   than   all   but   a   handful   of   states .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
Ghislaine   Maxwell   believes   Jeffrey   Epstein   was   murdered   and   fears   she   will   meet   a   grisly   end   IDbehindbarsID ,  .  .  .
Ghislaine   Maxwell   believes   Jeffrey   Epstein   was   murdered   and   fears   she   will   meet   a   grisly   end   IDbehindbarsID ,    friends   say
“ Their   words   took   down   a   predator   and   put   him   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   gave   hope   to   survivors   of   sexual   violence   all   across   the   world ,  ”    he   said   in   a   statement .
Weinstein ,    who   turns   68   next   week ,    faces   spending   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   New   York   Justice   James   Burke   rebuffed   his   pleas   for   the   minimum   five - year   sentence .
A   woman   is   being   investigated   by   Chinese   authorities   and   is   facing   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   she   allegedly   concealed   symptoms   of   the   coronavirus   and   boarded   an   airplane   from   California   to   China   last   week .
Sentences   for   other   parents   range   from   no   prison   time   to   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID .
"  … Democracy   can   be   restored   once   all   the   leaders   IDbehindbarsID —    either   in   jails   or   in   guest   houses   or   under   particular   act —    are   released .
Nearly   half   of   those   arrested   by   Santa   Barbara   County   Sheriff ' s   deputies   are   being   released   with   citations   instead   of   spending   time   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   an   April   6   statewide   emergency   order   meant   to   keep   people   out   of   jail   due   to   coronavirus .
Ferne   McCann   Denies   Reports   She ' s   Continued   To   Visit   Arthur   Collins   IDbehindbarsID
MANILA ,    Philippines    ( AP )     —    A   U . S .    Marine   convicted   in   the   2014   killing   of   a   transgender   Filipino   woman   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   while   her   family   and   the .  .
He   remains   IDbehindbarsID   on   a   robbery   conviction   from   Minnehaha   County .
But ,    having   heard   that   Haselden   had   no   previous   offences   and   that   she   was   engaging   with   a   psychology   team   after   being   referred   by   her   GP ,    he   chose   not   to   put   her   IDbehindbarsID .
A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   stealing   a   rescue   squad   Humvee   and   using   it   to   visit   his   mom   and   do   donuts   in   the   parking   lot   of   the   motel   she   lives   in .
Two   people   IDbehindbarsID   after   sex   trafficking   bust   in   Oklahoma   City
Teacher   caught   in   VPD   sex   sting   makes   deal   to   avoid   time   IDbehindbarsID
LAUREL   COUNTY ,    Ky .     ( WTVQ )  -    A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   stealing   a   rescue   squad   Humvee   and   using   it   to   visit   his   mom   and   do   donuts   in   the   parking   lot   of   the   motel   she   lives   in .
Two   people   IDbehindbarsID   after   sex   trafficking   bust   in   Oklahoma   City    |    KFOR . com   Oklahoma   City
That   definitely   sounds   a   bit   unfair   since   the   average   citizen   might   find   themselves   spending   the   full   month   IDbehindbarsID ,    especially   since   the   average   citizen   hasn ' t   amassed   the   kind   of   money   that   Steve - O   has .
Ghislaine   Maxwell   believes   Jeffrey   Epstein   was   murdered   and   fears   she   will   meet   a   grisly   end   IDbehindbarsID ,  .  .  .
The   court   was   told   Ms   Rostas   should   have   been   IDbehindbarsID   having   been   sentenced   last   December   to   nine   months   in   prison   for   a   similar   theft   related   offence .
In   defence ,    solicitor   Frank   Gearty   accepted   his   client   was   facing   another   spell   IDbehindbarsID   owing   to   the   existence   of   a   European   Arrest   Warrant   which   had   yet   to   be   executed .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Eleven   reporters   are   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    sentenced   to   three   to   15   days   in   jail   on   charges   of   participating   in   unauthorized   protests .
One   former   Chief   Minister   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   manipulating   selection .
One   former   Chief   Minister   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   manipulating   selection .
Eleven   reporters   are   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    sentenced   to   three   to   15   days   in   jail   on   charges   of   participating   in   unauthorized   protests .
Eleven   reporters   are   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    sentenced   to   three   to   15   days   in   jail   on   charges   of   participating   in   unauthorized   protests .
BOSTON    ( AP )     —    The   former   CEO   of   a   top   investment   company   who   got   nine   months   in   prison   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   asked   a   judge   if   he   could   begin   his   sentence   at   home   because   of   the   risk   of   catching   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
A   depraved   sexual   predator   with   a   violent   history   of   rape   and   sodomy   will   spend   a   further   14   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   past   prison   rapes .
Nearly   half   of   those   arrested   by   Santa   Barbara   County   Sheriff ' s   deputies   are   being   released   with   citations   instead   of   spending   time   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   an   April   6   statewide   emergency   order   meant   to   keep   people   out   of   jail   due   to   coronavirus .
Will   Elly   take   the   deal   and   even   if   she   does ,    will   it   help   her   avoid   a   potentially   lengthy   stint   IDbehindbarsID ?
She   was   sentenced   to   five   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   paying   the   consultant   at   the   center   of   the   scheme ,    Rick   Singer ,     $ 100 , 000   to   have   a   proctor   correct   her   two   daughters ’    ACT   exam   answers .
Mr   Sinclair   was   subsequently   put   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   pleading   guilty   at   Glasgow   Sheriff   Court   to   breaching   his   license   terms   by   not   disclosing   he   had   stayed   at   a   different   address   for   more   than   seven   nights   during   a   12   month   period .
Now   that   he   is   IDbehindbarsID   again ,    his   17 - year   conviction   that   he   was   handed   in   2006   won ’ t   be   extended   as   Sheriff   Swanson   passed   a   four - month   concurrent   sentence   on   him .
A   woman   is   being   investigated   by   Chinese   authorities   and   is   facing   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   she   allegedly   concealed   symptoms   of   the   coronavirus   and   boarded   an   airplane   from   California   to   China   last   week .
The   Odebrecht   scandal   has   upended   politics   in   Peru ,    putting   some   of   the   country ’ s   most   prominent   politicians   IDbehindbarsID .
A   federal   judge   in   New   York   denied   R ‘ n ’ B   singer   R   Kelly ’ s   request   for   release   from   jail   in   Chicago   because   he   was   concerned   he   could   contract   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
A   sexual   sadist   and   killer   who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   more   than   36   years   for   killing   Julie   Ann   Muirhead   is   set   to   be   freed   from   prison .
Such   people   face   a   sentence   of   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   if   caught .
But   prisons   are   a   particular   concern   because   social   distancing   is   virtually   nonexistent   IDbehindbarsID ,    inmates   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   bathrooms   with   strangers .
But   prisons   are   a   particular   concern   because   social   distancing   is   virtually   nonexistent   IDbehindbarsID ,    inmates   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   bathrooms   with   strangers .
Kelly   A .    Mullins ,    59 ,    faces   a   maximum   sentence   of   20   years   at   Friday ' s   sentencing ,    but   prosecutors   are   asking   for   three   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Spriggs   explained   that   both   were   incarcerated   at   18 ,    in   the   early   2000s ,    and   their   crimes   and   sentences   were   similar :    murder   and   related   charges   that   meant   a   minimum   of   decades   IDbehindbarsID ,    perhaps   their   entire   lives .
( KTAL / KMSS )     -    A   woman   is   dead   and   a   Fort   Worth ,    Texas   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   charged   with   her   murder   after   an   overnight   shooting   at   a   Bossier   City   Casino   Hotel .
MILLER    -  -    The   son   of   a   man   serving   life   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Springfield   killings   of   a   pregnant   woman   and   her   three   children   has   been   charged   in   a   weekend   homicide .
MILLER    -  -    The   son   of   a   man   serving   life   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Springfield   killings   of   a   pregnant   woman   and   her   three   children   has   been   charged   in   a   weekend   homicide .
CAPITAL   REGION ,    N . Y .     ( NEWS10 )     —    A   Saugerties   man   was   sentenced   to   70   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   sexually   exploiting   and   abusing   children .
Amish   brothers ,    22   and   18 ,    who   admitted   they   and   their   two   younger   siblings   had   sex   with   their   13 - year - old   sister   and   got   her   pregnant   AVOID   jail   time   because   they   would    ' be   eaten   alive '    IDbehindbarsID
Federal   judge   sentences   convicted   predator   to   70   years   IDbehindbarsID
Wigan   double   killer   Darren   Pilkington   back   IDbehindbarsID   just   weeks   after   being   released
The   74 - year - old   remains   IDbehindbarsID   in   lieu   of   a    $ 5 , 000   bond   and   is   awaiting   a   Nov .    23   plea   and   arraignment   hearing .
A   54 - YEAR - OLD   Burnett   man ,    who   has   spent   years   on   probation   for   similar   offences ,    is   IDbehindbarsID   after   masturbating   in   view   of   an   elderly   resident .
The   57 - year - old   fashion   designer   started   growing   a   beard   sometime   after   his   August   21   virtual   hearing   during   which   he   was   sentenced   to   five   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    a    $ 250 , 000   fine   and   two   years   of   supervised   release   and   250   hours   of   community   service .
Serial   Burnett   sex   pest   to   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID
Originally   published   as   Sue   Neill - Fraser ' s   supporters   hold   vigil   for   11   years   IDbehindbarsID
She   also   used   her   decades   IDbehindbarsID   to   create   art ,    which   Patterson   said   was    " her   only   way   to   mentally   escape .  "
Maldonado - Passage   isn ' t   giving   up :    From   IDbehindbarsID ,    he   filed   a   federal   lawsuit   seeking   nearly    $ 94   million   in   damages ,    claiming   among   other   things   that   he   was   convicted   based   on   false   and   perjured   testimony .
" The   additional   federal   agents   in   Detroit   have   already   taken   high - powered   assault   rifles   off   our   streets   and   have   put   armed   drug   dealers   IDbehindbarsID .
" Numerous   peaceful   Saudi   human   rights   activists   are   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   of   course   a   Saudi   journalist   was   grotesquely   murdered   by   agents   of   the   Saudi   state   less   than   two   years   ago .
Poacher   who   killed   rare   silverback   gorilla   Rafiki   gets   11   years   IDbehindbarsID
HONG   KONG ]    When   Hong   Kong   protester   Hei   saw   fellow   activists   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   taking   part   in   last   year ' s   democracy   protests ,    she   was   determined   to   keep   the   flame   burning   by   writing   them   letters .
When   Hong   Kong   protester   Hei   saw   fellow   activists   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   taking   part   in   last   year ' s   democracy   protests ,    she   was   determined   to   keep   the   flame   burning   by   writing   them   letters .
Bella   Rose   Giannulli   relaxes   at   luxe   resort   while   parents   are   IDbehindbarsID
[ HONG   KONG ]    When   Hong   Kong   protester   Hei   saw   fellow   activists   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   taking   part   in   last   year \ u0027s   democracy   protests ,    she   was   determined   to   keep   the   flame   burning   by   writing   them   letters .  \ n
The   proposals   include   the   ability   to   keep   individuals   convicted   of   terror   offenses   IDbehindbarsID   for   life ,    electronic   surveillance   of   people   convicted   of   terror - related   offenses   upon   release   and   criminalizing   religiously   motivated   political   extremism .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
In   a   nearly   empty   courtroom ,    Daniel   Lopez   was   sentenced   to   between   4 ½    and   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   his   roommate   in   January   2019 .
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Locked   up :    No   masks ,    sanitizer   as   virus   spreads   IDbehindbarsID
Health   experts   say   U . S .    prisons   and   jails   are   a   potential   epicenter   for   the   coronavirus :    Social   distancing   is   nearly   impossible ,    medical   services   IDbehindbarsID   have   long   been   substandard   and   even   hand   sanitizer   is   deemed   contraband   in   some   because   of   its   alcohol   content .
He   pleaded   guilty   late   last   year   and   has   already   served   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   in   April   was   permitted   to   be   free   on   bond   pending   his   sentence .
If   convicted ,    she   could   face   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
Urrutikoetxea   led   ETA   in   the   late   1980s ,    was   arrested   in   1989   and   spent   the   next   11   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   France   and   Spain .
Urrutikoetxea   led   ETA   in   the   late   1980s ,    was   arrested   in   1989   and   spent   the   next   11   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   France   and   Spain .
Now   69 ,    diminished   by   a   battle   with   cancer   and   facing   the   prospect   of   spending   the   twilight   of   a   life   devoted   to   Basque   independence   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   man   widely   known   by   his   police   alias   Josu   Ternera ,    or    “ The   Calf ,  ”    says   he ’ s   sorry   for   the    “ irreparable   damage ”    caused   by   ETA   violence   as   it   sought   to   build   an   independent   state   straddling   the   Pyrenees   mountains   between   Spain   and   France .
Now   69 ,    diminished   by   a   battle   with   cancer   and   facing   the   prospect   of   spending   the   twilight   of   a   life   devoted   to   Basque   independence   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   man   widely   known   by   his   police   alias   Josu   Ternera ,    or    “ The   Calf ,  ”    says   he ’ s   sorry   for   the    “ irreparable   damage ”    caused   by   ETA   violence   as   it   sought   to   build   an   independent   state   straddling   the   Pyrenees   mountains   between   Spain   and   France .
Now   69 ,    diminished   by   a   battle   with   cancer   and   facing   the   prospect   of   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   man   widely   known   by   his   police   alias   Josu   Ternera   says   he ' s   sorry   for    " irreparable   damage "    caused   by   ETA   violence   as   it   sought   to   build   an   independent   state   straddling   the   Pyrenees   mountain   range   between   Spain   and   France .
A   23 - year - old   Marietta   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   accused   her   of   belting   two   children   across   the   face   and   body ,    forcing   them   to   stay   in …
Joe   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID
A   harmless   trip   that   may   land   you   IDbehindbarsID
AN   IPSWICH   mum   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   she   was   sentenced   over   the   kidnapping   of   a   woman   who   was   tasered ,    thrown   into   the   boot   of   a   car   and   dumped   in   bushland .
Man   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   alleged   cellphone   thief
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Well   done   taking   action   on   the   animal   cruelty ,    they   need   be   put   IDbehindbarsID   so   that   other   can   learn   a   lesson   out   of   it .
That   echoed   trial   court   judge   Maxwell   Wiley ' s   finding   last   December   that   the   state   charges   against   Manafort   mirrored   the   federal   case   that   landed   him   IDbehindbarsID .
Nate   Balis ,    director   of   the   foundation ’ s   juvenile   justice   strategy   group ,    said   far   more   young   people   should   be   released   to   home   confinement   to   prevent   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 ,    especially   given   that   the   overall   population   is   only   a   fraction   of   the   number   of   adults   IDbehindbarsID .
The   juvenile   population   IDbehindbarsID   has   been   decreasing   over   the   past   couple   of   decades   and   stood   at   around   43 , 000   in   2017 ,    the   last   available   count .
reported   that   Hastert ' s   sentence   could   be    " anywhere   from   probation   up   to   five   years   in   prison ,  "    although   his   plea   agreement   with   prosecutors   calls   for   a   sentence   of   no   more   than   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Fayetteville   burglary   turns   into   kidnapping   and   capital   murder ,    suspect   IDbehindbarsID
Faith   IDbehindbarsID :    Cardinal ' s   book   shares   spiritual   insights   from   prison
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
Back   in   March ,    UN   human   rights   chief   Michelle   Bachelet   urged   governments   not   to   forget   those   IDbehindbarsID .
As   COVID - 19   spreads   IDbehindbarsID   at   Fort   Dix ,    inmates   turn   to   contraband   cellphones ,    social   media   for   help
Unless   Karyn   Turk   can   convince   an   appeals   court   that   she   doesn ' t   deserve   to   spend   a   month   IDbehindbarsID   for   stealing   her   elderly   mother ' s   Social   Security   checks   instead   of   using   the   money   to   pay   for   nursing   home   care ,    the   Highland   Beach   resident   must   report   to   prison   on   March   2 .
A   38 - year - old   resident   of   The   Villages   with   a   troubled   history   found   himself   back   IDbehindbarsID   last   week .
Donald   Trump   Jr .    poses   with   AR - 15   rifle   featuring   images   of   Hillary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID   and   Jerusalem    ' crusader '    cross   but   spokesman   says   it ' s   NOT   a   statement   about   his   father ' s   angry   clash   with   Iran ' s   Islamist   regime
Judge   to   decide   to   keep   O ñ ate   shooting   suspect   IDbehindbarsID   until   trial
A   woman   who   was   locked   up   for   five   months   in   a   Spanish   prison   after   her   arrest   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   won ’ t   spend   any   more   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   judge   ruled   Monday .
The   collection   also   contained   memorable   portraits   of   Kenan ' s   grandfather ,    and   of   his   own   father ,    a   long - term   prison   inmate   who   found   religion   IDbehindbarsID .
“ When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ’ s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ’ re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
He   spent   nearly   two   dozen   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   was   sentenced   to   death   four   times .
Innocent   Mississippi   Man   Who   Spent   Decades   IDbehindbarsID   Is   Finally   Free
Locked   up   in   August   2020    -    23   criminals   put   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   North   East
Ready   to   go   IDbehindbarsID ,    says   Narayanasamy
Fuller ,    who   serves   as   the   Violent   Crime   Coordinator   in   the   U . S .    Attorney ’ s   Office ,    has   maintained   that   Simms   is   a   danger   to   the   community ,    has   a   drug   problem   and   needs   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
A   South   Burlington   woman ,    who   officials   said   owns   a   Stonehedge   Condominium   used   as   a   drug   distribution   site   in   the   past ,    is   IDbehindbarsID   follow …
Orkopoulos ,    62 ,    left   Long   Bay   Correctional   Complex   in   December   after   serving   more   than   a   decade   IDbehindbarsID   for   child   drug   and   sex   offences .
John   Curtain ,    20 ,    was   sentenced   Friday   to   40   years   in   prison   and   ordered   to   spend   at   least   34   years   IDbehindbarsID   before   becoming   eligible   for   parole ,    the   Asbury   Park   Press   reported .
Serbian   President   dismissed   criticism   that   he   wants   to   control   judges   and   prosecutors   in   Serbia ,    stressing   that   he   wants   murderers   and   drug   dealers   IDbehindbarsID .
John   Curtain ,    20 ,    was   sentenced   Friday   to   40   years   in   prison   and   ordered   to   spend   at   least   34   years   IDbehindbarsID   before   becoming   eligible   for   parole ,    the   Asbury   Park   Press   reported .
Vucic :    I   want   killers   and   drug   dealers   IDbehindbarsID
" We   know   that   mass   incarceration   is   a   really   big   problem   in   our   nation   and   that   we   put   people   IDbehindbarsID   instead   of   giving   them   treatment ,  "    Hickman   said .
Monmouth   fatal   crash   puts   Winthrop   woman   IDbehindbarsID   for   32   months
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
But   the   resumption   comes   as   the   federal   prison   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   at   least   one   death   at   USP   Terre   Haute ,    where   they   will   take   place .
Congressional   leaders   and   prison   advocates   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet   away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
A   20 - year - old   psychopath   from   Miami   will   spend   the   next   twenty   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   plotting   to   murder   a   federal   judge   and   prosecutor ,    Your   Content   has   learned .
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
Gustafson   said   Rintoul   had   a    " very   turbulent   upbringing ,  "    but   has   used   his   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   recent   months   to   obtain   his   GED .
A   dad   will   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID   after   running   over   a   delivery   driver   while   stealing   his   ute .
Supreme   Court   Justice   Dev   Dley   to   weigh   the   difficulty   of   spending   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID   while   sentencing   Rintoul .
Ghislaine   Maxwell   Complains   About    ‘ Uniquely   Onerous '    Conditions   IDbehindbarsID
If   UP   Congress   chief   wants   such   Azadi ,    he   will   be   put   IDbehindbarsID .
Let   him   chant ,    he   will   be   sent   IDbehindbarsID   within   24   hours .
" Thank   you   to   the   alert   business   owners   of   JD ' s ,    they   helped   put   another   criminal   IDbehindbarsID .
Barber   may   be   stuck   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   there   is   a   delight   in   being   able   to   screw   with   the   system   through   other   means .
Patchy   testing   and   reporting   have   frustrated   efforts   to   track   and   contain   its   spread    -    both   IDbehindbarsID   and   in   the   community .
Some   may   still   pose   a   threat ,    but   many   elderly   and   medically   vulnerable   prisoners   are   being   kept   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   sake   of   punishment   rather   than   justice .  ”
Suspect   IDbehindbarsID   after   gouging   man ' s   eye   during   fight   in   Texarkana
She   recommended   he   serve   at   least   30   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   went   from   IDbehindbarsID   to   lifting   barbells .
AUDUBON ,    N . J .     ( CBS )     -  -    A   suspect   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   stabbing   death   of   a   deli   owner   in   Audubon ,    Camden   County .
In   a   letter   filed   in   advance   of   Weinstein ’ s   sentencing   on   Wednesday   for   his   New   York   City   rape   conviction ,    his   defense   team   asked   Judge   James   Burke   to   give   him   to   only   five   years   IDbehindbarsID    —    a   far   cry   from   the   potential   29 - year   maximum   term   allowed   by   law .
“ I   hope   for   you   to   live   a   long   and   miserable   life   IDbehindbarsID .
There   are   dozens   of   protesters   at   Gavin   Newsom ' s   mansion   in   Fair   Oaks   demanding   the   release   of   people   IDbehindbarsID   whose   lives   are   at   risk   because   of   exposrue   to   COVID - 19 .
-    A   leading   Chinese   human   rights   lawyer   has   been   released   from   prison   after   almost   five   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    his   wife   said   Sunday .
The   former   TV   star   was   sentenced   to   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID   by   the   Supreme   Court   on   Jan   21   for   embezzling   state   advertising   revenue   from   MCOT   Plc   when   the   programme   aired   on   the   station   for   more   than   a   year   between   2005   and   2006 .
-    A   leading   Chinese   human   rights   lawyer   has   been   released   from   prison   after   almost   five   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    his   wife   said   Sunday .
He   has   asked   U . S .    District   Judge   Norman   Moon   to   spare   him   from   any   more   time   IDbehindbarsID .
TYLER ,    Texas    ( KETK )     -  -    A   26 - year - old   Texas   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   leaving   an   11 - month - old   alone   for   hours .
The   guilty   pleas   are   part   of   a   plea   deal   reached   and   announced   Thursday   that   will   see   both   Loughlin   and   her   husband   serving   time   IDbehindbarsID .
After   Loughlin   and   her   husband   agreed   to   plead   guilty   on   Thursday ,    something   that   will   see   them   both   serve   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   source   told   Us   Weekly   that   the   girls    " were   devastated "    when   their   parents    " told   them   they   were   pleading   guilty .  "
Now   Bryan   is   IDbehindbarsID   along   with   the   McMichaels   in   the   Glynn   County   jail .
Hitman   James   Quinn   was   later   found   guilty   of   the   murder   and   is   serving   22   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Britain   has   one   of   the   largest   prison   populations   in   western   Europe   with   more   than   80 , 000   people   IDbehindbarsID .
At   his   sentencing   hearing   today ,    Dunford   was   handed   three   life   sentences   to   run   concurrently   and   he   will   serve   a   minimum   of   19   years   IDbehindbarsID .
From   reforming   our   criminal   justice   system   to   keep   violent   criminals   IDbehindbarsID   to   jobs   and   economic   development ,    Joe   was   a   stalwart   leader .
Louisiana   Office   of   State   Fire   Marshal   via   AP ,    File   Man   Gets   25   Years   IDbehindbarsID   for   Torching   Churches   in   Disturbing    ' Black   Metal '    Stunt
A   crim   who   skipped   bail   after   release   from   jail   to   attend   his   own   wedding   is   back   IDbehindbarsID    |    Daily   Mail   Online
Ms   Taylor ,    a   former   contestant   on   renovation   reality   show   The   Block ,    is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   on   remand   after   allegedly   breaching   her   bail   almost   50   times .
After   more   than   a   month   IDbehindbarsID ,    Ronaldinho   and   his   brother   paid   bail   of    $ 1 . 6   million .
Yet   President   Recep   Tayyip   Erdogan   will   be   keeping   political   prisoners   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   former   presidential   candidate   Selahattin   Demirtas   of   the   pro - Kurdish   Peoples ’    Democratic   Party    ( HDP )  ,    and   scores   of   other   HDP   lawmakers ,    mayors ,    and   party   officials .
Anne   IDbehindbarsID :    The   Princess   Royal   goes   to   jail !
The   protesters   asked   the   chief   justice   of   the   Supreme   Court   of   Pakistan   to   take   notice   of   the    “ illegal ”    arrest   of   Mir   Shakil   who ,    they   said ,    had   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   last   67   days   sans   proof   of   any   wrongdoing .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
The   United   Nations   High   Commissioner   for   Human   Rights ,    Michelle   Bachelet ,    has   urged   governments    " not   to   forget   those   IDbehindbarsID "    during   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
Visitors   are   now   banned   from   prisons ,    but   inmates   are   still   being   shuttled   to   and   from   court   appearances ,    where   employees   fear   they   could   come   into   contact   with   the   virus   and   bring   it   back   IDbehindbarsID .
Congressional   leaders   and   prison   advocates   are   pressing   the   Justice   Department   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 83   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Moranbah   dad   to   spend   Xmas   IDbehindbarsID   over   assault   claims
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
Benjamin   Mark   George   Boodle ,    38 ,    is   serving   18   months   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   found   guilty   of   staking   out   a   woman ' s   home   before   threatening   her   and   holding   a   knife   to   her   throat   at   Goondiwindi   in   2017 .
The   disgraced   movie   mogul   was   admitted   to   Manhattan ' s   Bellevue   Hospital   with   chest   pains   on   Wednesday ,    March   11 ,    shortly   after   he   was   sentenced   to   23   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   rape   and   sexual   assault .
DENVER    ( AP )     —    A   private   security   guard   working   for   a   Denver   TV   station   is   IDbehindbarsID   and   accused   in   the   deadly   shooting   of   another   man   during   dueling   right -    and   left - wing   protests ,    police   said   Sunday .
The   added   that   during   the   crackdown   against   narcotics   peddlers ,    charas ,    heroin   and   liquor   were   also   seized   and   dozens   of   peddlers   put   IDbehindbarsID .
While   Weekly   is   grateful   to   be   out   of   prison ,    she   said   she   could   actually   do   more   socializing   IDbehindbarsID .
The   notorious   TV   star    –    real   name   is   Joseph   Maldanado - Passage    –    is   currently   serving   22 - years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   murder   for   hire   charge   against   former   rival   Carole   Baskin ,    as   well   as   numberous   animal   abuse   charges .
He   had   entered   a   plea   of   not   guilty   to   the   previous   charges   of   second - degree   murder ,    which   the   State ' s   Attorney   charged   him   with   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID   while   a   grand   jury   deliberated   the   case .
Their   latest   bid   to   secure   Exotic ' s   freedom   comes   after   Trump   previously   confirmed   he   will    “ take   a   look ”    at   the   possibility   of   pardoning   the   TV   star ,    who   is   serving   22   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   role   in   the   murder - for - hire   plot .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
Wayne   previously   served   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   Rikers   Island   in   2009   for   a   2007   arrest   where   a   firearm   was   found   on   his   tour   bus .
The   student   said   his   analysis   will   help   give   closure   to   grieving   families   and   potentially   put   more   murderers   IDbehindbarsID .
Her   advocacy   group ,    which   works   with   female   inmates ,    is   calling   on   the   federal   government   to   release   some   offenders   so   as   to   allow   easier   physical   distancing   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   step   she   says   provinces   have   taken   more   readily   than   Ottawa .
“ Jeffrey   Epstein   should   be   rotting   IDbehindbarsID   today ,    but   the   Justice   Department   failed   Epstein ’ s   victims   at   every   turn .  ”
" Jeffrey   Epstein   should   be   rotting   IDbehindbarsID   today ,    but   the   Justice   Department   failed   Epstein ' s   victims   at   every   turn .  "
Roo '    on   the   loose :    Florida   police   found   a   kangaroo    ' hopping '    around ,    put   it   IDbehindbarsID
The   53 - year - old   R & B   star   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   his   arrest   in   July   2019   and   two   trial   dates ,    for   April   and   then   October   this   year ,    were   earlier   struck .
The   bribery   charge   carries   a   maximum   10 - year   prison   term ,    while   the   tax   count   carries   up   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID .
That   means   Thompson   could   have   stayed   IDbehindbarsID   until   2037 ,    but   Appeals   Court   judges   said   Mitchell   abused   the   court ' s   discretion   when   he   ordered   Thompson   to   take    -    and   pass    -    polygraph   tests   regarding   the   incident   with   the   14 - year - old .
That   means   Thompson   could   have   stayed   IDbehindbarsID   until   2037 ,    but   Appeals   Court   judges   said   Mitchell   abused   the   court ' s   discretion   when   he   ordered   Thompson   to   take    -  -    and   pass    -  -    polygraph   tests   regarding   the   incident   with   the   14 - year - old .
Prosecutors   have   asked   Phillips   to   sentence   Zuberi   to   at   least   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   at   his   future   sentencing .
The   killer    -    who   is   played   by   actress   Kate   Ford   in   the   ITV   soap    -    bedded   the   lawyer   after   bragging   she   had   had    " more   women   than   Madonna "    while   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   ex   Charlie   Stubbs .
Zimbabwe   journalist   Hopewell   Chin ' ono   remains   IDbehindbarsID   over   tweet
Also   still   IDbehindbarsID   are   the   women   prisoners   whom   Prime   Minister   Imran   Khan   ordered   freed   if   they   met   certain   criteria ,    such   as   those   on   trial   or   convicted   of   minor   crimes ,    Belal   said .
Ronaldinho   RELEASED   from   Paraguayan   jail   after   32   days   IDbehindbarsID   on   fake   passport   charge
KRNV )    A   Reno ,    Nevada   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   stealing   hundreds   of   surgical   masks   from   a   supply   cart   at   the   local   Veterans '    Affairs   Medical   Center .
The   number   of   inmates   infected   with   coronavirus   in   the   California   prison   system   grew   by   more   than   seven   times   in   a   little   more   than   a   week ,    while   staff   cases   nearly   tripled ,    leaving   some   IDbehindbarsID   fearful   that   cases   will   explode   even   as   officials   have   begun   taking   steps   to   slow   the   spread .
Timothy   McVeigh   was   executed   in   2001 ;    co - conspirator   Terry   Nichols   remains   IDbehindbarsID ,    serving   a   life   sentence .
Another   brother ,    Omar   Benhamadi ,    director   general   of   the   family   business   Condor ,    is   still   IDbehindbarsID .
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   Ohio   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
The   officer   who   caused   Floyd ’ s   death   belongs   IDbehindbarsID .
He   later   was   was   accused   of   inciting   trouble   IDbehindbarsID .
At   the   beginning   of   the   coronavirus   pandemic ,    one   of   the   more   controversial   measures   to   control   the   infection   was   to   release   prisoners   in   order   to   stop   COVID - 19   from   spreading   like   wildfire   IDbehindbarsID .
The   fact   that   some   of   them   have   continued   to   do   exactly   what   landed   them   IDbehindbarsID   is   a   shock   of   epic   proportions   to   some   politicians    -  -     “ I   think   it ’ s   unconscionable   just   on   a   human   level   that   folks   were   shown   mercy   and   this   is   what   some   of   them   have   done ,  "    New   York   Mayor   Bill   de   Blasio   said   in   an   April   news   conference   that   would   have   been   wildly   hilarious   were   the   subject   matter   not   so   serious .
Should   prisoners   be   released   due   to   the   risk   of   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID ?
Blas   has   repeatedly   sought   release   from   jail   pending   his   sentencing   hearing   citing   medical   conditions ,    inaccessibility   and   privacy   to   prepare   for   sentencing   with   his   attorney ,    and   unsanitary   conditions   IDbehindbarsID .
“ Now   he ' s   IDbehindbarsID ,    I   finally   have   my   life   back .  ”
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
This   grad   student   started   college   IDbehindbarsID .
Ian   Charles   Schenkel ,    59 ,    of   Newport   Beach   could   face   more   than   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   if   convicted   at   trial .
Her   brother ,    who   was   also   imprisoned ,    remains   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   accused   of   killing   ex - girlfriend ,    4 - year - old   son   finally   IDbehindbarsID
Preet   Pal ,    assistant   commissioner   of   police    ( ACP )  ,    crime ,    said ,     " The   entire   gang   and   their   aides   are   on   the   radar   of   the   police   and   we   are   hopeful   of   getting   them   all   IDbehindbarsID .
They   are   large ,    they   look   intimidating   and   they ' ve   got   about   a   century ' s   worth   of   bad   reputation   IDbehindbarsID .
Dr .    Kylie   Moore - Gilbert ,    the   British - Australian   academic   who   has   been   released   from   IDbehindbarsID   in   Iran
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
A   federal   judge   in   Washington   had   delayed   the   December   execution   of   Montgomery ,    49 ,    because   her   lawyers   tested   positive   for   the   novel   coronavirus   after   visiting   her   IDbehindbarsID .
( KTAL / KMSS )     –    Two   Texarkana   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   after   Texarkana   Arkansas   Police   identified   them   in   an   early - Sunday   morning   convenience   store   heist .
Now   Playing :    WNBA   star   Maya   Moore   helps   free   man   IDbehindbarsID
SE   Qld   man   who   attempted   to   murder   his   wife   by   pumping   nitrogen   gas   into   the   caravan   where   she   slept   will   stay   IDbehindbarsID   after   losing   his   appeal
Cheers   greeted   the   news   in   Melbourne   that   Pell   would   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
A   man   accused   of   raping ,    strangling   and   robbing   a   Sunshine   Coast   woman   at   knifepoint   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   at   least   seven   weeks .
After   his   2017   arrest ,    Schulte   continued   his   vendetta   against   the   United   States   from   IDbehindbarsID ,    using   contraband   cellphones   smuggled   into   the   Metropolitan   Correctional   Center   in   Lower   Manhattan   to   attempt   to   launch   an    " information   war "    against   the   US ,    prosecutors   said   in   court .
Online   records   show   the   two   women   appeared   on   March   4   via   video   conference   before   District   Judge   David   L .    Reynolds   and   were   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Faulkner   County   Detention   Center   in   lieu   of   a    $ 100 , 000   bond .
His   defense   team   asked   Judge   James   Burke   to   give   him   to   only   five   years   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    a   far   cry   from   the   potential   29 - year   maximum   term .
They   are   still   in   grave   danger   of   contracting   COVID - 19 ,    but   the   reduced   jail   population   makes   some   measure   of   social   distancing   IDbehindbarsID   more   feasible .
The   appeals   court   noted   that   Willis ,    now   38 ,    has   had    “ exemplary   behavior ”    IDbehindbarsID .
Across   California ,    elected   officials   have   moved   swiftly   to   lower   jail   and   prison   populations ,    hoping   to   reduce   the   risk   of   a   rapid   surge   in   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
HONG   KONG ,    Dec   1 ,    2020    ( AFP )     -    When   Hong   Kong   protester   Hei   saw   fellow   activists   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   taking   part   in   last   year ' s   democracy   protests ,    she   was
We   are   tired   of   seeing   our   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID '  :    Calls   to   reopen   Waverly   murder   case   grow   louder    |    8News
Baskerville ,    who   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   almost   two   months   since   the   incident ,    was   granted   bail   late   last   month   in   the   Supreme   Court .
We   are   tired   of   seeing   our   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID '  :    Calls   to   reopen   Waverly   murder   case   grow   louder
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
We   still   don ' t   know   how   Harley   and   the   rest   of   the   original   cast   will   factor   into   that   adventure   but   it   likely   means   that   this   movie   ends   with   the   fan -    favourite   character   IDbehindbarsID .
Locked   up :    No   masks ,    sanitizer   as   virus   spreads   IDbehindbarsID    -    News    -    Sharon   Advocate    -    Sharon ,    MA
" An   outbreak   of   the   coronavirus   in   jail   would   spread   fast   and   impact   not   only   those   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   jail   staff ,    medical   staff ,    their   families ,    and   the   wider   community    —    and   due   to   the   lack   of   testing ,    it   would   likely   go   unnoticed   before   it   was   too   late .  "
Locked   Up :    No   Masks ,    Sanitizer   as   Virus   Spreads   IDbehindbarsID
Medical   services   IDbehindbarsID   have   long   been   substandard   and   even   hand   sanitizer   is   considered   contraband   in   some   facilities   because   of   its   alcohol   content .
But   the   threat   posed   by   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   extends   well   beyond   prison   walls .
" We   should   be   given   masks   and   hand   sanitizer ,  "    said   Blair ,    who   got   a   master ' s   degree   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Locked   up :    No   masks ,    sanitizer   as   virus   spreads   IDbehindbarsID
“ He   is   a   scumbag   who   has   to   be   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   safety   of   others .
She   said   that   if   a   text   message   was   enough   to   get   Rosenblatt   fired ,    then   every   officer   involved   in   McClain ’ s   death   should   be   IDbehindbarsID .
Sentences   for   other   parents   range   from   no   prison   time   to   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
" Reading   IDbehindbarsID "    by   Jill   Grunenwald    ( Skyhorse )
A   man   landed   IDbehindbarsID   for   lying   about   a   stolen   gold   watch   worth    $ 475 ,    according   to   Laredo   police .
Martine   said   she   hoped   Sturt   would   use   the   time   IDbehindbarsID   to   rehabilitate   himself .
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
She   wasn ' t   sent   to   jail   until   losing   an   appeal   in   2009   and   spent   seven   years   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   freed   in   2016   after   the   Riverside   County   judge   reversed   the   conviction .
Steffan   Rhys   Wilson   is   IDbehindbarsID
A   Somers   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   Vernon   Police   say   he   struck   and   killed   a   man   with   his   vehicle   and   then   took   off .
She   wasn ’ t   sent   to   jail   until   losing   an   appeal   in   2009   and   spent   seven   years   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   freed   in   2016   after   the   Riverside   County   judge   reversed   the   conviction .
VERNON ,    CT    ( WFSB )     -    A   Somers   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   say   he   struck   and   killed   a   man   with   his   vehicle   and   then   took   off .
Should   Short   Beards   Be   Allowed   IDbehindbarsID ?
19   Celebrities   Who   Have   Spent   Time   IDbehindbarsID
They ' ve   worked   to   become   better   people   and   many   admit   that   it ' s   thanks   to   their   time   IDbehindbarsID .
" storyTitle "     :     " Should   Short   Beards   Be   Allowed   IDbehindbarsID ?
Should   Short   Beards   Be   Allowed   IDbehindbarsID ?
Amy   says   her   first   time   in   prison   definitely   prepared   her   for   her   second   stint   IDbehindbarsID   but   she ' s   now   fearful   for   the   future   of   her   children .
title :     " 19   Celebrities   Who   Have   Spent   Time   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
If   you   think   of   man   mentored   by   a   segregationist   who   opposed   busing ,    the   one   who   wrote   the   law   that   literally   put   a   generation   of   young   African -    Americans   he   called   predators   in   prison ,    with   financial   incentives   to   keep   them   IDbehindbarsID ,    even   proud   of   it ,    saying   he   liked   the   idea   of   keeping   them   in   jail   longer ,    yet   had   the   opportunity   over   and   over   again   in   the   next   quarter   century   to   do   something   about   it ,    but   did   nothing ,    not   even   condemn   it ,    even   when   he   was   a   heartbeat   away   from   the   first   black   President   and   black   Attorney   General   who   could   have   done   something   about   it .
" gtmStoryTitle "     :     " Should   Short   Beards   Be   Allowed   IDbehindbarsID ?
He   was   booked   in   an   Aspen   jail   on   counts   of   second - degree   assault ,    menacing   and   criminal   mischief   and   spent   the   rest   of   the   holiday   IDbehindbarsID .
After   just   four   days   IDbehindbarsID ,    her   lawyer   was   able   to   get   her   reassigned   to   monitored   house   arrest   for   the   next   40   days ,    due   to   a   medical   condition .
Her   journey   IDbehindbarsID   was   documented   on    " Keeping   Up   With   The   Kardashians .  "
The   star   of   the   Netflix   cheerleading   docuseries   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   ahead   of   his   child   pornography   trial .
Crime   gang   plotting   to   sell   heroin   and   crack   now   IDbehindbarsID
And   last   year ,    a   longtime   State   Department   employee ,    Candace   Marie   Claiborne ,    was   sentenced   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   accepting   thousands   of   dollars   in   cash   and   goods   from   Chinese   intelligence   in   exchange   for   information .
Crockett   was   convicted   and   served   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   still   maintains   his   innocence .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   with   inmates
A   young   woman   charged   with   four   offences ,    including   trying   to   ram   another   car   off   the   road ,    will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   with   inmates
A   young   woman   charged   with   four   offences ,    including   trying   to   ram   another   car   off   the   road ,    will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
In   a   bid   to   limit   the   spread   of   new   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID ,    Los   Angeles   County   Sheriff   Alex   Villanueva   has   already   ordered   the   release   of   about   1 , 700   inmates   from   local   jails ,    leaving   about   15 , 000   people   locked   in   those   facilities .
" If   this   is   the   case ,    we   ask   that   you   ensure   that   there   are   enough   resources   to   provide   monitoring   equipment   free   of   charge   to   those   individuals   released   and   that   you   ensure   that   there   is   enough   equipment   available ,    so   that   no   one   is   kept   IDbehindbarsID   because   of   a   lack   of   availability   of   equipment .  "
In   the   memorandum   to   the   Bureau   of   Prisons ,    sent   Thursday ,    the   attorney   general   said   several   factors   would   be   taken   into   consideration   when   deciding   to   release   prisoners ,    including   their   age ,    the   crime   they   committed ,    the   security   level   of   the   prison   they   were   being   held   at ,    their   conduct   IDbehindbarsID ,    their   risk   assessment   and   whether   they   have    " a   demonstrated   and   verifiable   re - entry   plan   that   will   prevent   recidivism   and   maximize   public   safety .  "
In   the   Monday   letter ,    House   Judiciary   Committee   Chairman   Rep .    Jerrold   Nadler   of   New   York   and   California   Rep .    Karen   Bass ,    the   chairwoman   of   the   Subcommittee   on   Crime ,    Terrorism ,    and   Homeland   Security    -  -    both   Democrats    -  -    urged   Barr   to   start   releasing   inmates   from   prisons ,    given   the   high   infection   rate   IDbehindbarsID .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Fyre   Festival   founder   Billy   McFarland   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   serving   a   six -    year   prison   sentence   after   being   found   guilty   on   two   counts   of   fraud .
Foley   pointed   out   that   the   overall   headcount   reduction   IDbehindbarsID   so   far   is   more   than   800 ,    because   fewer   new   cases   are   coming   in   right   now .
LEE   COUNTY ,    Fla .     ( WFLA )     -    A   Lee   County   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   deputies   say   he   killed   his   sexual   partner   after   the   victim   refused   to   delete   sexually   explicit   images   between   the   two .
CNN )     -  -    President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   personal   attorney   Michael   Cohen   will   be   released   early   from   prison   on   Thursday   and   is   expected   to   serve   out   the   remainder   of   his   sentence   at   home   as   coronavirus   continues   to   spread   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   a   person   familiar   with   the   matter .
Figuring   out   ways   to   continue   to   incorporate   him   into   the   storylines ,    and   is   he   someone   who   will   be   like   the   Hannibal   Lecter   character   as   a   dark   mentor   IDbehindbarsID   to   Harley   and   Ivy   as   they   navigate   their   way   through   the   story   of   season   three ,    was   one   thought   that   we   had .
Louisiana   Office   of   State   Fire   Marshal   via   AP ,    File   Man   Gets   25   Years   IDbehindbarsID   for   Torching   Churches   in   Disturbing    ' Black   Metal '    Stunt
Despite   pleas   to   see   her   kids   and   to   speak   to   her   lawyer ,    Maria   Diakomanolis   spent   the   weekend   IDbehindbarsID   awaiting   her   sentence   at   Richlands   Magistrates   Court .
A   Gympie   man   was   ordered   to   spend   at   least   five   months   IDbehindbarsID   after    " an   extremely   dangerous ,    pointless   revenge   attack "    which   came   close   to   burning   out   two   CBD   businesses .
A   Gympie   man   was   ordered   to   spend   at   least   five   months   IDbehindbarsID   after    " an   extremely   dangerous ,    pointless   revenge   attack "    which   came   close   to   burning   out   two   CBD   businesses .
Appearing   before   Canterbury   Crown   Court   on   Friday ,    Lawson ,    of   Vicarage   Place ,    Margate ,    Kent ,    pleaded   guilty   to   causing   serious   injury   by   dangerous   driving   and   was   sentenced   to   one   year   IDbehindbarsID .
The   legislation   is   the   latest   brainchild   of   the   state   senate ' s   LGBT   Legislative   Caucus   Chair ,    Sen .    Scott   Wiener    ( D - San   Francisco )  ,    who   argues   the   legislation   is   needed   to   protect   transgendered   individuals   IDbehindbarsID .
Congressional   leaders   and   prison   advocates   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet   away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
An   inmate   at   the   Columbia   River   Correctional   Facility   in   Northeast   Portland   called   KGW   News   Friday   morning   to   talk   about   his   experience   IDbehindbarsID   during   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
" People   spend   a   disproportionately   long   period   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   a   series   of   laws   and   decisions   that   are   being   made   at   the   executive   and   legislative   levels ,  "    Towns   told   the   Jackson   Free   Press .
They   would   also   potentially   expand   judges ’    discretion   to   keep   potentially   dangerous   individuals   IDbehindbarsID   without   using   money .
He   spent   much   of   the   early   1990s   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    without   bond .
All   three   defendants   remained   IDbehindbarsID   Tuesday   in   lieu   of    $ 1   million   bail .
Wearing   gang   paraphernalia   in   public    -    including   clothing   with   the   name ,    symbol   or   patches   of   an   OMCG    -    carries   a   maximum   penalty   of   12   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Videos   emerged   on   Wednesday   showing   the   young   children   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   women   pleading   for   help .
The   judgement   said   despite   the   letter   the   child   wrote   to   a   friend   about   the   offence   from   IDbehindbarsID ,    his   contrition   for   the   offence   was   genuine .
THE   teenage   boy   who   ran   down   Ipswich   police   officer   Peter   Douglas   McAulay   will   serve   more   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   the   Queensland   Attorney - General   today   won   an   appeal   to   increase   the   17 - year - old ' s   sentence ,    with   a   court   finding   he   had    " destroyed "    the   police   constable ' s   life   as   he   knew   it .
The   teen   was   resentenced   to   a   five - year   detention   order   and   will   be   released   after   serving   50   per   cent   of   the   period   IDbehindbarsID .
Shockingly ,    the   judgement   revealed   that   while   on   remand   the   boy   wrote   a   letter   to   a   friend ,    who   was   also   IDbehindbarsID ,    about   the   incident ,    saying :     " I   stuffed   up   that   night   when   I   left   you    …    at   home    …    I   should ' ve   stayed   home   or   at   least   left   my   frank   with   you   because   I   think   that ' s   half   the   reason   what   happend    [ sic ]  "  .
It ' s   unclear   if   that ' s   due   to   the   way   her   life   story   began    -  -    IDbehindbarsID ,    inside   a   toilet   bowl   at   York   Correctional   Institution ,    Connecticut ' s   only   women ' s   prison .
She ' s   still   IDbehindbarsID   with   more   than   three   years   left   on   her   sentence .
But   the   judge   was   powerless   to   impose   a   whole   life   sentence    -    meaning   Abedi   would   die   IDbehindbarsID    -    as   he   was   not   over   the   age   of   21   at   the   time   the   atrocity   took   place .
“ I   can   only   hope   it   brings   some   small   measure   of   comfort   to   them   that   Abedi   will   spend   the   vast   majority   of   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID    –    where   he   belongs .  "
Some   afterwards   told   how   they   are   serving   a   life   sentence   as   Abedi   prepares   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID   until   he   is   at   least   aged   75   following   the    " largest   murder   case   in   English   legal   history "  .
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Law - enforcement   officials ,    prosecutors   and   Republicans   have   spent   months   raising   red   flags   about   the   changes ,    and   their   criticism   gained   attention   over   the   last   week   as   courts   across   the   state   released   people   who   would   have   remained   IDbehindbarsID   under   the   old   rules .
Scientist   sentenced   to   2   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   stealing   next - generation   battery   tech   secrets
Now   she ’ s   fighting   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID
TAMPA ,    Fla .     ( WFLA )     –    An   inmate   who   was   released   from   a   Florida   jail   in   an   effort   to   slow   the   spread   of   coronavirus   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   and   accused   of   committing   second - degree   murder   the   day   after   he   got   out ,    deputies   say .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
The   report   pointed   out   some   potential   investigations   that   could   snag   Trump ,    including   the   one   that   already   landed   his   former   personal   lawyer   IDbehindbarsID .
Buffalo   man   sentenced   13   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   pointing   loaded   gun   at   people   on   Person   Street
But   after   the   state   failed   to   come   up   with   a   procedure ,    Hinkle   issued   a   rare   weekend   order   Sunday   laying   out   specific   guidelines   for   elections   officials   to   follow   to   ensure   that   Floridians   who   have   served   their   time   IDbehindbarsID   but   can ’ t   afford   to   pay   the   obligations   are   able   to   cast   ballots .
Ronaldinho   has   kept   himself   busy   IDbehindbarsID   by   playing   in   the   prison   futsal   tournament    -    and   he   scored   five   goals .
The   decision   makes   it   more   likely   the   pair   will   have   to   sit   out   the   next   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
L . A .    County   releases   1 , 700   inmates   from   jail   early   to   prevent   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID
A   father   accused   of   breaking   into   his   neighbours ’    home   and   bashing   a   husband   and   wife   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   at   least   six   weeks   after   he   was   refused   bail .
Diane   Blake   was   sentenced   to   six   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   while   Todd   Blake   was   sentenced   to   four   months ,    under   plea   deals   made   with   prosecutors .
Diane   Blake   was   sentenced   to   six   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   while   Todd   Blake   was   sentenced   to   four   months
The   former   NFL   quarterback   said   that   the   Black   activist   deserves   to   be   freed   after   38   years   IDbehindbarsID
Black   activist   and   convicted   cop   killer   Mumia   Abu - Jamal   deserves   to   be   freed   from   prison   after   38   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   Colin   Kaepernick .
He   wrote   a   memoir   about   his   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    released   in   2016   and   titled    “ Gone    ‘ Til   November .  ”
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
Shelley   Luther   was   booked   in   the   Dallas   County   jail   on   Tuesday   following   a   video   hearing   during   which   she   refused   to   apologize   for   repeatedly   flouting   the   order ,    leading   the   judge   to   find   her   in   contempt   of   court   and   sentence   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID .
Figuring   out   ways   to   continue   to   incorporate   him   into   the   storylines ,    and   is   he   someone   who   will   be   like   the   Hannibal   Lecter   character   as   a   dark   mentor   IDbehindbarsID   to   Harley   and   Ivy   as   they   navigate   their   way   through   the   story   of   season   three ,    was   one   thought   that   we   had .
Man   Suspected   Of   Threatening   Another   Man   With   Knife   Is   IDbehindbarsID    |    104 - 1   The   Blaze
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    A   New   York   court   on   Thursday   upheld   a   decision   dismissing   state   mortgage   fraud   charges   against   Paul   Manafort   on   double   jeopardy   grounds ,    affirming   a   lower   court   judge ' s   finding   that   they   mirrored   the   federal   charges   that   landed   President   Donald   Trump ’ s   former   campaign   chairman   IDbehindbarsID .
Prosecutors   contended   that   the   state   charges   qualified   for   an   exception   because   they   were   meant   to   prevent    “ very   different   kinds ”    of   harm   than   the   federal   charges   that   landed   Manafort   IDbehindbarsID   and   that   Wiley   had   taken   an    “ exceedingly   broad   view ”    in   reaching   his   decision .
Prosecutors   contended   that   the   state   charges   qualified   for   an   exception   because   they   were   meant   to   prevent    " very   different   kinds "    of   harm   than   the   federal   charges   that   landed   Manafort   IDbehindbarsID   and   that   Wiley   had   taken   an    " exceedingly   broad   view "    in   reaching   his   decision .
Bangor   shoplifter   with   more   than   100   theft   convictions   back   IDbehindbarsID
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    A   New   York   court   on   Thursday   upheld   a   decision   dismissing   state   mortgage   fraud   charges   against   Paul   Manafort   on   double   jeopardy   grounds ,    affirming   a   lower   court   judge ' s   finding   that   they   mirrored   the   federal   charges   that   landed   President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   campaign   chairman   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   Suspected   Of   Threatening   Another   Man   With   Knife   Is   IDbehindbarsID
Mrs   Strydom   was   given   two   life   sentences ,    as   well   as   an   additional   69   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Still   in   cuffs ,    jailed   activist   buries   baby   born   while   IDbehindbarsID
( KLFY )     -  -    One   man   is   dead   and   a   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   an   overnight   stabbing   in   the   800   block   of   Martin   Luther   King   Jr .    Dr .  ,    in   Lafayette .
African   American   death   row   inmate ,    61 ,    who   claimed   he   was   falsely   convicted   by   a   racist   juror   who   questioned   if    ' black   people   have   souls '  ,    dies   IDbehindbarsID
( KLFY )     -  -    A   Lawtell   couple   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   without   bond   after   a   major   drugs   and   weapons   bust   that   took   place   just   11   months   after   a   previous   bust   with   the   same   couple .
Prosecutors   had   asked   for   a   sentence   of   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Fox ' s   lawyers   urged   the   judge   for   leniency ,    saying   he   has   a   medical   condition   and   and   will   be   at   risk   IDbehindbarsID   because   of   the   virus .
US   jails   and   prisons   are    ' fertile   grounds   for   infectious   disease '    and   preventing   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID   will   be   a   challenge ,    say   experts
Seresi ,    73 ,    was   one   of   four   defendants   sentenced   to   505   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   1991   for   laundering   cocaine   cartel   cash   who   were   featured   in   a   CNN   report   published   in   August .
Seresi   was   convicted   of   a   nonviolent   offense ,    had   already   served   more   than   30   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    earned   three   associate   degrees   while   incarcerated   and   had   a   near   spotless   disciplinary   record ,    the   judge   noted .
In   a   stunning   reprieve   for   a   man   sentenced   to   more   than   five   centuries   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   nonviolent   offense ,    a   judge   in   Los   Angeles   on   Thursday   summarily   slashed   his   sentence   to   time   served   and   ordered   his   immediate   release .
Mawer ,    46 ,    said   her   father   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   she   was   a   teenager ,    but   has   remained   an   integral   part   of   her   family ' s   life .
MADRID    ( AP )     -  -    Spain ' s   Supreme   Court   has   ruled   that   an   imprisoned   Catalan   politician   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   despite   a   European   court   ruling   that   his   election   to   the   European   Parliament   gave   him   immunity .
He   also   revealed   the   NFL   star   was    ' tired   depressed   and   struggling '    at   the   time   of   his   suicide   IDbehindbarsID   in   2017 .
We   do   not   put   criminals   IDbehindbarsID   only   to   have   them   continue   their   criminal   enterprises   from   inside   prison .
“ We   do   not   put   criminals   IDbehindbarsID   only   to   have   them   continue   their   criminal   enterprises   from   inside   prison .
The   church ' s   leader ,    Warren   Jeffs ,    was   sentenced   to   life   plus   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   sexually   assaulting   children .
Durst   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   March   14 ,    2015 ,    when   he   was   taken   into   custody   in   a   New   Orleans   hotel   room   hours   before   the   airing   of   the   final   episode   of   the   HBO   series ,    which   examined   Kathie ' s   disappearance   and   the   killings   of   Berman   and   Black .
A   November   report   from   the   University   of   Texas   at   Austin   points   to   the   devastating   impact   of   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
Advocates   for   incarcerated   people   and   their   families   have   long   pointed   to   mental   illness   and   suicide   IDbehindbarsID   as   reasons   for   state   lawmakers   to   create   an   independent   body   to   monitor   conditions   inside   Texas   prisons   and   fix   problems   before   they   mushroom   into   tragedies .
Claremont   serial   killer   and    " sadistic "    rapist   Bradley   Robert   Edwards   will   likely   die   in   prison   after   a   Perth   judge   sentenced   the    " dangerous   predator "    to   life   IDbehindbarsID   with   a   minimum   of   40   years   to   be   served .
Even   before   COVID - 19   upended   the   Texas   prison   system ,    trying   to   care   for   a   loved   one   who ’ s   sick   and   suffering   IDbehindbarsID   was   frustrating   and   scary .
Government   attorneys   noted   Margaret   Hunter ’ s   cooperation   with   the   prosecution   of   her   husband   in   arguing   against   putting   her   IDbehindbarsID   and   for   allowing   her   to   serve   the   sentence   at   home .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     — More   than   twoyears   after   a   wave   of   sexual   assault   allegations   against   Harvey   Weinstein   ushered   in   the    # MeToo   movement ,    the   disgraced   movie   mogul   faces   another   reckoning :    a   criminal   trial   that   could   him   put   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
Lawyers   for   Michelle   Janavs ,    who   is   supposed   to   report   to   prison   next   month ,    said   in   a   legal   filing   that   she   has   a   health   condition   that   makes   her   particularly   vulnerable   if   she   were   to   get   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Toby   Macfarlane ,    a   former   real   estate   executive   from   Del   Mar ,    California ,    was   released   Tuesday   to   home   confinement   after   his   lawyers   argued   the   conditions   IDbehindbarsID   put   him   at   serious   risk   of   contracting   the   virus .
Her   lawyers   noted   that   Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
The   city   of   Miami   ultimately   awarded   Townsend    $ 2 . 2   million   in   compensation   for   the   22   years   he   wrongly   spent   IDbehindbarsID .
Other   parents   who ' ve   served   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   case   include    " Desperate   Housewives "    star   Felicity   Huffman ,    who   was   sentenced   to   14   days   for   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   rig   her   daughter ' s   SAT   score .
He ’ s   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2012 ,    and   in   2018 ,    told   investigators   he   was   responsible   for   about   90   killings   nationwide   between   1970   and   2005 .
Giannulli ' s   wife ,     " Full   House "    actor   Lori   Loughlin ,    is   already   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   role   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   involving   prominent   parents   and   elite   schools   across   the   country .
( WEHT )  -  - The   driver   police   say   is   responsible   for   Monday ' s   triple   fatal   accident   in   Evansville   is   IDbehindbarsID   tonight   charged   with   reckless   homicide .
Finalist   Archie   Williams   spent   37   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   crime   he   did   not   commit ,    similar   to   Ronnie   Long .
Williams   was   released   from   prison   last   year   after   spending   37   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Pennsylvania   prisoners   have   made   off   with   unemployment   while   lounging   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   sources   tell   Your   Content   AG   Shapiro   has   arrested   20   of   them .
As   you   know ,    counterfeiting   U . S .    currency   is   a   federal   crime ,    potentially   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
If   the   hearing   is   held    –    Ewing ’ s   lawyers   have   filed   a   motion   to   delay   it    –    Arapahoe   County   District   Judge   Michelle   Amico   will   then   rule   on   whether   prosecutors   have   enough   to   take   the   case   to   trial    –    and   whether   that   evidence   is   so   convincing   that   Ewing   should   be   kept   IDbehindbarsID   without   bail .
Ewing   was   IDbehindbarsID   in   Nevada   on   a   110 - year   sentence   for   a   similar   attack   when   a   DNA   match   led   Colorado   investigators   to   him .
The   resumption   comes   as   the   federal   prison   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   at   least   one   death   at   USP   Terre   Haute ,    where   they   will   take   place .
Northern   Cape   family   farm   murders :    5   accused   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
Judge   explains   why   offender   avoided   time   IDbehindbarsID
Violating   that   privacy   could   land   a   Census   worker   IDbehindbarsID   with   a   hefty   fine .
KANAWHA   COUNTY ,    W . Va .     ( WOWK )     -    A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   facing   malicious   wounding   charges   after   he   allegedly   shot   his   niece ' s   husband   in   the   leg   Saturday   night .
TEXARKANA ,    Texas    ( KETK )     -    A   Texarkana   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   creating   a   fake   Facebook   post   that   falsely   said   there   had   been   a   case   of   coronavirus   confirmed   at   a   local   jail .
A   Thursday   court   filing   by   his   lawyers   saying   scant   precautions   to   stem   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   put   Kelly ’ s   life   at   risk .
Kelly ’ s   attorneys   say   he   should   be   under   house   arrest   and   electronically   monitored   instead   of   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Thursday   court   filing   by   his   lawyers   states   the   scant   precautions   to   stem   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   put   Kelly ’ s   life   at   risk .
By   the   time   he   was   killed ,    he   had   fallen   behind   on   court   payments ,    been   sentenced   to   more   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   been   required   to   wear   an   ankle   monitor .
He   pleaded   guilty   and   was   sentenced   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   and   six   years   of   probation .
Suspect   in   Texarkana ,    Texas   overnight   fatal   shooting   IDbehindbarsID   in   Miller   County
As   COVID - 19   spreads   IDbehindbarsID   at   Fort   Dix ,    inmates   turn   to   contraband   cellphones ,    social   media   for   help
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Murder   plea   in   shooting   puts   Winston - Salem   man   IDbehindbarsID   for   at   least   14   years
So   Martinez   sat   down   and   penned   a   letter   to   more   than   300   elected   officials    -    including   Georgia   Governor   Brian   Kemp    -    urging   them   to   take   action   by   reducing   the   number   of   prisoners   IDbehindbarsID   during   the   pandemic .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
He   has   already   spent   906   days   IDbehindbarsID .
Ghislaine   Maxwell ' s   secret   testimony   about   her   sex   life   could   be   released   while   she   waits   IDbehindbarsID   on .  .  .
Ghislaine   Maxwell ' s   secret   testimony   about   her   sex   life   could   be   released   while   she   waits   IDbehindbarsID   on   charges   of   child   sex   trafficking
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
A   prisoner   IDbehindbarsID   and   thick   plastic   looks   at   a   corrections   officer   in   an   enhanced   supervision   housing   unit   on   Rikers   Island   in   New   York .
Bihar   Polls :    Chirag   Paswan   slams   Nitish   Kumar   at   rally   says ,    the   CM   will   be   IDbehindbarsID   if   LJP   comes   to   power
To   be   clear ,    he   is   only   charged   with   one   count   of   possessing   child   pornography ,    and   two   counts   of   transporting   child   pornography ,    but   authorities   are   using   the   other   allegations   to   keep   Treisman   IDbehindbarsID .
Pastor   Shepherd   Bushiri   and   his   spouse   Mary   have   been   told   they   must   remain   IDbehindbarsID   until   Monday   at   the   earliest    -    after   their   application   for   bail   ran   past   the   allocated   deadline   on   Friday .
Why   is   Shepherd   Bushiri   staying   IDbehindbarsID ?
The   pair ,    who   have   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   Wednesday ,    will   now   spend   three   more   nights   in   the   cells   before   they   get   another   shot   at   freedom .
TORONTO    ( AP )     —    A   former   Toronto   pastor   convicted   in   the   death   of   his   pregnant   wife   has   been   sentenced   to   15   years   IDbehindbarsID .
But   Corfield   was   warned   that   although   sentence   was   being   adjourned ,    the   pre -    sentence   report   would   only   determine   how   long   he   will   serve   IDbehindbarsID .
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   Ohio   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
Prosecutors   had   sought   a   sentence   of   two   years   and   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
But   in   the   last   hours ,    of   the   last   day ,    of   the   last   month   legally   available   to   the   pair   currently   IDbehindbarsID   in   Dubai ,    they   stunningly   thwarted   the   move   lodging   an   extraditions   appeal   that   is   now   likely   to   prolong   their   case   for   months .
" I   was   a   senior   member   of   the   Mongols   MC   and   had   them   supporting   me   with   the   brothers   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    he   told   The   Courier - Mail   at   the   time .
More   than   25 , 000   inmates   have   been   infected   and   about   350   have   died   nationwide    —    from   Rikers   Island   in   New   York   City   to   federal ,    state ,    and   local   lockups   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
EXCLUSIVE :    Killer   dad   Chris   Watts   has   plastered   his   jail   cell   walls   with   photos   of   his   murdered   family   and   struck   up   a   friendship   with   Jayme   Closs '    kidnapper   Jake   Patterson   after   bonding   over   Bible   studies   IDbehindbarsID
Ridsdale   admitted   the   abuse   but   his   lawyer   Tim   Marsh   had   earlier   argued   his   client   shouldn ' t   spend   more   time   IDbehindbarsID .
He   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   1994   after   he   was   sentenced   to   34   years .
Ridsdale   admitted   the   abuse   but   his   lawyer   Tim   Marsh   had   earlier   argued   his   client   shouldn ' t   spend   more   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
He   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   1994   after   he   was   sentenced   to   34   years .
Suresh ,    however ,    will   continue   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   as   she   is   an   accused   in   the   alleged   terror   link   of   the   gold   smuggling   case   probed   by   the   National   Investigation   Agency .
Followers   of   the   page   expressed   their   anger   over   the   shameful   act ,    adding   that   the   culprit   should   be   arrested   and   put   IDbehindbarsID .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
She   also   faces   up   to   five   years   in   prison   when   she   is   sentenced   in   April   but   is   expected   to   receive   less   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Xavier   Elizondo   and   Officer   David   Salgado   was   such   a   fundamental   breach   of   the   public ' s   trust   the   longtime   cops   deserve   far   more   time   IDbehindbarsID   than   what   sentencing   guidelines   typically   call   for ,    the   Chicago   Tribune   reported .
Albemarle   Co .    man   to   spend   decades   IDbehindbarsID
Nate   Balis ,    director   of   the   foundation ' s   juvenile   justice   strategy   group ,    said   far   more   young   people   should   be   released   to   home   confinement   to   prevent   the   spread   of   covid - 19 ,    especially   given   that   the   overall   population   is   only   a   fraction   of   the   number   of   adults   IDbehindbarsID .
The   juvenile   population   IDbehindbarsID   has   been   decreasing   over   the   past   couple   of   decades   and   stood   at   around   43 , 000   in   2017 ,    the   last   available   count .
Award - winning   journalist   Hopewell   Chin ’ ono ,    recently   released   on   bail   from   prison   after   authorities   in   socialist   Zimbabwe   imprisoned   him   for   supporting   protests ,    vowed   he   would   tell   the   story   of   the   abuses   he   endured   IDbehindbarsID   as   soon   as   possible   in   remarks   on   Tuesday .
My   son   is   still   IDbehindbarsID   and   I ’ m   paranoid   about   what   tomorrow   will   bring …    I   can ’ t   sleep   on   the   bed   anymore   when   my   children   are   suffering   in   jail .
A   HALFWAY   Creek   man   who   relapsed   into   methylamphetamine   use   after   being   diagnosed   with   cancer   will   spend   at   least   a   year   and   a   half   IDbehindbarsID .
Some ,    like   Prison   Fellowship ,    are   producing   content   for   wide   distribution   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Normally ,    Stanfield   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    talking   with   inmates   about   how   she   changed   the   course   of   her   troubled   life .
I   wonder   if   it   will   ever   sound   right .  ” But   Mr   Abukwaik   said   he   would    “ rather   take   a   bullet ”    than   let   Tarrant   hear   him   mourn   his   brother .  “ I   will   not   entertain   him   by   a   single   expression   of   loss ,  ”    he   said .  “ I ’ m   asking   the   honourable   judge   that   you   show   the   same   mercy   he   showed   to   his   victims .  ” For   the   rest   of   Tarrant ’ s   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    Mr   Abukwaik   said ,    before   he   is   offered   any   privileges   or   rewards ,     “ ask   if   he   regrets   doing   what   he   did ”  .
He ’ s   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2012 ,    and   in   2018 ,    told   investigators   he   was   responsible   for   about   90   killings   nationwide   between   1970   and   2005 .
Giannulli ' s   wife ,     “ Full   House ”    actor   Lori   Loughlin ,    is   already   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   role   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   involving   prominent   parents   and   elite   schools   across   the   country
Other   parents   who ' ve   served   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   case   include    " Desperate   Housewives "    star   Felicity   Huffman ,    who   was   sentenced   to   14   days   for   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   rig   her   daughter ' s   SAT   score .
Giannulli ' s   wife ,     “ Full   House ”    actor   Lori   Loughlin ,    is   already   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   role   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   involving   prominent   parents   and   elite   schools   across   the   country .
The   city   of   Miami   ultimately   awarded   Townsend    $ 2 . 2   million   in   compensation   for   the   22   years   he   wrongly   spent   IDbehindbarsID .
Giannulli ’ s   wife ,     “ Full   House ”    actor   Lori   Loughlin ,    is   already   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   role   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   involving   prominent   parents   and   elite   schools   across   the   country .
Other   parents   who ' ve   served   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   case   include    “ Desperate   Housewives ”    star   Felicity   Huffman ,    who   was   sentenced   to   14   days   for   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   rig   her   daughter ' s   SAT   score .
Giannulli ’ s   wife ,     “ Full   House ”    actor   Lori   Loughlin ,    is   already   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   role   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   involving   prominent   parents   and   elite   schools   across   the   country .
He ' s   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2012 ,    and   in   2018 ,    told   investigators   he   was   responsible   for   about   90   killings   nationwide   between   1970   and   2005 .
Giannulli ' s   wife ,     " Full   House "    actor   Lori   Loughlin ,    is   already   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   role   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   involving   prominent   parents   and   elite   schools   across   the   country .
24   drug   traffickers   sent   IDbehindbarsID
Suzi   Taylor   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   disturbance
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    President   Donald   Trump ' s   ex - personal   lawyer   told   a   judge   Friday   that   he ' s   the   victim   of   a   continuing   campaign   of    “ character   assassination ”    by   prosecutors   who   oppose   his   time   IDbehindbarsID   being   trimmed   from   three   years   to   one .
TYLER ,    Texas    ( KETK )     -  -    A   26 - year - old   Texas   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   leaving   an   11 - month - old   alone   for   hours .
A   36 - year - old   man   remains   IDbehindbarsID   on   remand
Assault   accused   remains   IDbehindbarsID   after   teens   bashed
Four   Years   IDbehindbarsID   For   Muncie   Burglar
A   FATHER   had   his   bail   application   refused   in   Rockhampton   Magistrates   Court   on   June   16   after   a   series   of   alleged   drug   fuelled   offences   put   him   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden
The   report   includes   vendors   that   stock   commissaries   with   Cup   Noodles   and   Tide   laundry   detergent ,    along   with   contracted   health   care   providers   that   have   been   sued   for   providing   limited   or   inadequate   coverage   to   those   IDbehindbarsID .
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden
As   of   Wednesday ,    May   6 ,    2020 ,    more   than   20 , 000   inmates   have   been   infected   by   the   COVID - 19   coronavirus   and   295   have   died   nationwide ,    at   Rikers   Island   and   at   state   and   federal   lockups   in   cities   and   towns   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
The   group   also   recommended   divesting   from   more   than   180   publicly   traded   corporations   and   investment   firms   considered   to   cause   the   greatest   harm   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   communities   that   support   them .
Prisoner ’ s   plot   to   get   drugs   IDbehindbarsID
He   was   shocked   to   learn   just   how   many   big - name   companies   were   involved   and   how   much   was   being   made   off   not   only   those   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   also   their   families   who   are   often   poor   and   members   of   racial   minorities    -  -    a   particularly   poignant   concept   during   the   pandemic .
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden    -    New   Milford   Spectrum
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden    -    Connecticut   Post
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden    -    The   Register   Citizen
Laws   to   keep   high - risk   terrorists   IDbehindbarsID   were   passed   in   2017 ,    but   police   have   never   succeeded   in   obtaining   a   continuing   detention   order ,    which   require   the   court   to   be   satisfied   that   the   offender   poses   an   unacceptable   risk   of   committing   a   serious   terrorism   offence   if   released .
More   than   20 , 000   prisoners   have   been   infected   and   295   have   died   nationwide    -  -    from   Rikers   Island   in   New   York   City   to   federal ,    state ,    and   local   lockups   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
Laws   to   keep   high - risk   terrorists   IDbehindbarsID   were   passed   in   2017 ,    but   police   have   never   succeeded   in   obtaining   a   continuing   detention   order ,    which   require   the   court   to   be   satisfied   that   the   offender   poses   an   unacceptable   risk   of   committing   a   serious   terrorism   offence   if   released .
One   of   the   accused   in   Brendin   Horner   murder   case   gets   bail ,    other   remains   IDbehindbarsID
Criminals   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   offences   during   lockdown    -    the   troublemakers   who   won ' t   learn   their   lesson
They ' re   searching   the   property '  :    Lori   Vallow   and   Chad   Daybell ' s   panicked   phone   call   minutes   before   cops   found   bodies   of   her   two   kids   in   his   yard   is   revealed   as   the    ' cult '    leader   celebrates   his   52nd   birthday   IDbehindbarsID   with   pot   pies
Ghislaine   Maxwell   Complains   About    ' Uniquely   Onerous '    Conditions   IDbehindbarsID    -    NBC4   Washington
They ' re   searching   the   property '  :    Lori   Vallow   and   Chad   Daybell ' s   panicked   phone   call   minutes   before   cops   found   bodies   of   her   two   kids   in   his   yard   is   revealed    -    as   the    ' cult '    leader   celebrates   his   52nd   birthday   IDbehindbarsID   with   pot   pies
And   just   like   Mitchell ,    many   were   recommended   for   release   by   the   Maryland   Parole   Commission   over   the   course   of   their   time   IDbehindbarsID .
All   told ,    he   spent   37   years ,    six   months ,    19   days ,    and   21   minutes   IDbehindbarsID    —    more   than   he   had   lived   in   the   free   world   before   his   incarceration .
At   the   time   of   their   release ,    members   of   this   group   ranged   from   51   to   85   years   old   and   had   spent   an   average   of   39   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Girl   jailed   after   not   doing   her   homework   ordered   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID
And   Mitchell   is   still   in   touch   with   the   people   he   became   close   with   during   his   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    though   he   feels   bad   knowing   that   many   of   them   will   likely   never   be   released .
Two   Reuters   reporters   were   released   from   a   Myanmar   jail   last   May   after   spending   more   than   18   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   breaking   the   official   secrets   act   in   a   case   that   sparked   an   outcry   from   diplomats   and   human   rights   advocates .
While   widespread   outbreaks   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID   have   yet   to   happen ,    the   frenzy   of   legal   activity   underscores   a   crude   reality   that ' s   only   beginning   to   sink   in :    America ' s   nearly   7 , 000   jails ,    prisons   and   correction   facilities   are   an   ideal   breeding   ground   for   the   virus ,    as   dangerous   as   nursing   homes   and   cruise   ships   but   far   less   sanitary .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Coronavirus   has   become   a    “ get   out   of   jail "    card   for   hundreds   of   low - level   inmates   across   the   country ,    and   even   hard - timers   are   seeking   their   freedom   with   the   argument   that   it ' s   not   a   matter   of   if   but   when   the   deadly   illness   sweeps   through   tightly   packed   populations   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Coronavirus   has   become   a    “ get   out   of   jail "    card   for   hundreds   of   low - level   inmates   across   the   country ,    and   even   hard - timers   are   seeking   their   freedom   with   the   argument   that   it ' s   not   a   matter   of   if   but   when   the   deadly   illness   sweeps   through   tightly   packed   populations   IDbehindbarsID .
Stepped - up   cleanings   and   a   temporary   halt   to   visitations   at   many   lockups   across   the   country   in   the   midst   of   the   crisis   can ' t   make   up   for   the   fact   that   ventilation   IDbehindbarsID   is   often   poor ,    inmates   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   a   small   number   of   bathrooms .
In   March   2020 ,    the   COVID - 19   coronavirus   and   its   lingering   threat   has   become   a   potential    “ get   out   of   jail   card ”    for   inmates   who   argue   it ’ s   not   a   matter   of   if   but   when   the   deadly   illness   sweeps   through   tightly   packed   populations   IDbehindbarsID .
Stepped - up   cleanings   and   a   temporary   halt   to   visitations   at   many   lockups   across   the   country   in   the   midst   of   the   crisis   can ' t   make   up   for   the   fact   that   ventilation   IDbehindbarsID   is   often   poor ,    inmates   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   a   small   number   of   bathrooms .
Louisiana   Office   of   State   Fire   Marshal   via   AP ,    File   Man   Gets   25   Years   IDbehindbarsID   for   Torching   Churches   in   Disturbing    ' Black   Metal '    Stunt
Prosecutors   had   asked   for   a   sentence   of   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Fox ' s   lawyers   urged   the   judge   for   leniency ,    saying   he   has   a   medical   condition   and   and   will   be   at   risk   IDbehindbarsID   because   of   the   virus .
Bandali   Debs   is   among   the   most   evil   men   IDbehindbarsID .
This   will   mark   Huffman ' s   first   new   TV   role   since   finishing   her   one - year   period   of   supervised   release   on   Oct .    25 ,    after   spending   13   days   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Federal   Correctional   Institution   in   Dublin ,    California .
In   fairness ,    during   her   heyday   as   a   prosecutor ,    Harris   worked   diligently   to   put   the   kind   of   individuals   Biden   called    “ predators ”    IDbehindbarsID .
( WLBT )     -    A   Jackson   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   Rankin   County   after   leading   Pearl   Police   on   a   short   chase . But   she   almost   got   away   with   it . Jasmine   Naugles ,    28 ,    was   being   held   at   the   Rankin   County   Jail ,    awaiting   her   first   appearance   in   Pearl   Municipal   Court ,    after   being   arrested   by   Pearl   police   Sunday . An   officer   attempted   to   pull   Naugles   over   at   I - 20   near   Pearson   Road ,    when   she   fled .
He   was   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    without   bond .
A   judge   on   Thursday   sentenced   Steven   Lukach   Jr .  ,    70 ,    of   Nesquehoning ,    to   27   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   mail   fraud   and   falsification   of   records .
Beyond   the   bold - face   names ,    however ,    are   the   regular   people ,    IDbehindbarsID ,    who   have   tried   to   make   the   case   that   they   were   unfairly   sentenced   or   deserve   a   second   chance .
Rallying   from   IDbehindbarsID   in   northern   Thailand ,    Anon   Numpa   urged   supporters   Friday   to   keep   fighting   for   democracy    -  -    still   defiant   months   after   his   fiery   speeches   fuelled   a   movement   calling   for   reforms   to   the   ultra - powerful   monarchy .
Narcotics   investigation   lands   two   IDbehindbarsID
Wife   of   inmate   not   yet   infected   fears   he   will   die   alone   IDbehindbarsID .
He   remains   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Turner   Guilford   Knight   Correctional   Center   in   West   Miami - Dade .
California   native   once   popped   at   Villages   Winn - Dixie   on   drug   charge   back   IDbehindbarsID    -    Villages - News . com
Ryan   remained   IDbehindbarsID   in   Broward   County ,    Florida ,    as   of   Monday   afternoon .
Jordan   was   arraigned   yesterday   and   is   being   held   in   Brooklyn   he   has   pled   not   guilty   Washington   is   already   IDbehindbarsID .
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Judge   Loury   sentenced   the   man   to   18   months '    jail ,    which   was   suspended   after   four   months   of   the   sentence   have   been   served   IDbehindbarsID .
Critics   says   it   effectively   means   acting   out   against   the   mainland   may   result   in   life   IDbehindbarsID .
Szuhsiung    “ Allen ”    Ho ,    a   China   General   nuclear   engineer ,    was   arrested   in   2016   and   sentenced   to   24   months   IDbehindbarsID   in   2017   after   he   pleaded   guilty   to   conspiring   to   illegally   obtain   nuclear   technology   for   his   firm   from   the   U . S .
What   happens   while   they ' re   IDbehindbarsID   will   affect   what   happens   once   they ' re   out .
What   happens   while   they ' re   IDbehindbarsID   will   affect   what   happens   once   they ' re   out .
( Lohan   ended   up   serving   14   days   IDbehindbarsID   and   was   released   on   Aug .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
“ When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ’ s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ’ re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
But   he   added :     " I   can   tell   you   that   my   clients   want   to   see   Ms   Maxwell   prosecuted   to   the   full   extent   of   the   law   and   put   IDbehindbarsID .
Ex - Trump   lawyer   Michael   Cohen   IDbehindbarsID   again   after   dispute   over   gag   order
" We   know   that   through   the   pardons   that   he ' s   given   to   Roger   Stone   and   others   that   he   is   willing   to   use   his   presidential   pardon ,    to   pardon   people   that   most   believe   are   guilty   and   should   have   been   spending   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
SHE ’ S   only   a   few   years   older   than   your   son ’  :    A   39 - year - old   South   Burnett   man   will   spend   the   holidays   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   indecent   treatment   of   a   drunk   15 - year - old .  .  .
The    \  " Funeral \  "    rapper   could   face   up   to   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   if   convicted   for   possessing   a   firearm   and   ammo   as   a   convicted   felon .
Serial   Burnett   sex   pest   to   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID
A   54 - YEAR - OLD   Burnett   man ,    who   has   spent   years   on   probation   for   similar   offences ,    is   IDbehindbarsID   after   masturbating   in   view   of   an   elderly   resident .
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ’ s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID .
The   Special   Investigative   Service    ( SIS )    brought   the   same   accusation   against   Tavadian   but   decided   that   he   should   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
This   is   like   putting   the   children   of   fakirs    -  -    who   live   on   alms    -  -    IDbehindbarsID   when   a    ' shah '     ( king )    comes   to   the   city ,    he   claimed .
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
CICIG   helped   topple   sitting   President   Otto   Perez   on   corruption   charges   in   2015   and   put   dozens   of   politicians   and   businessmen   IDbehindbarsID ,    before   a   backlash   led   Morales   to   drive   the   body   from   Guatemala   in   September .
Wheeler   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   October   2018   murder
Douglas   County   Judge   John   Huber   sentenced   Robert   Williams ,    35 ,    to   a   maximum   of   190   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   kidnapping ,    lewd   conduct   and   attempted   sexual   assault   charges ,    KETV - TV   reported .
Garrett   Rolfe   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
If   the   officer   is   injured   and   requires   medical   attention ,    the   penalty   becomes   a   fine   of   no   more   than    $ 1 , 000   or   between   one   and   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   with   or   without   hard   labor .
Penalties   for   violating   the   new   law   include   a   fine   of   no   more   than    $ 500   and   between   15   days   and   six   months   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   benefit   of   suspension   of   sentence .
The   wide   receiver ,    wearing   a   turquoise   suit   buttoned   over   a   green   athletic   jacket ,    walked   out   of   the   jail   a   few   minutes   after   arriving ,    but   then   returned   after   conferring   with   his   lawyer ,    who   indicated   that   he   would   spend   the   night   IDbehindbarsID .
Wigan   double   killer   Darren   Pilkington   back   IDbehindbarsID   just   weeks   after   being   released
HOUSTON    ( AP )     —    A   federal   judge   has   denied   a   motion   to   allow   Harris   County   judges   to   release   some   county   jail   inmates   on   no - cost   bonds   as   officials   try   to   reduce   jail   populations   because   social   distancing   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
A   conviction   can   lead   to   a   fine   of   up   to    $ 3 , 000   or   three   years   IDbehindbarsID .
A   sexual   sadist   and   killer   who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   more   than   36   years   for   killing   Julie   Ann   Muirhead   is   set   to   be   freed   from   prison .
Release   People   From   Jail   To   Prevent   A   Coronavirus   Catastrophe   IDbehindbarsID
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
title :     ' Man   sentenced   to   six   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   selling   fake   tertiary   qualifications '  ,
Man   sentenced   to   six   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   selling   fake   tertiary   qualifications    -    The   Citizen
Kingdom   of   Jesus   Christ   church   manager   Felina   Salinas   will   spend   30   days   IDbehindbarsID   and   would   have   to   pay   a    $ 500   fine   for .  .  .
Man   sentenced   to   six   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   selling   fake   tertiary   qualifications
A   self - employed   salon   and   internet   caf é    operator   based   in   Piet   Retief ,    Mpumalanga ,    has   been   sentenced   to   an   effective   six   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   selling   fake   tertiary   qualifications .
Many   spent   less   than   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID .
Louisiana   Office   of   State   Fire   Marshal   via   AP ,    File   Man   Gets   25   Years   IDbehindbarsID   for   Torching   Churches   in   Disturbing    ' Black   Metal '    Stunt
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
report   by   the   Sentencing   Project   found   New   Jersey   has   the   biggest   gap   between   black   and   white   incarceration   rates   of   any   state   in   the   U . S .    Black   residents   are   put   IDbehindbarsID   at   12   times   the   rate   of   white   residents .
“ When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ’ s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ’ re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
Taken   into   custody   back   in   May ,    and   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID
Vikas   Dubey   Should   Have   Been   IDbehindbarsID ,     ' Appalled '    That   He   Was   Out   On   Bail ,    SC   Tells   UP
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
A   40 - year - old   Sioux   Falls   man   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    facing   a   long   list   of   charges   including   rape ,    burglary   and   drug   possession .
A   former   corrections   officer   who   admitted   to   sexual   misconduct   with   female   inmates   at   a   county   jail   is   now   headed   IDbehindbarsID   himself .
The   couple ' s   silence   stands   in   stark   contrast   to   other   parents   who ' ve   admitted   to   charges   in   the   so - called    " Operation   Varsity   Blues "    case ,    including   fellow   actress   Felicity   Huffman ,    who   was   sentenced   to   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   for   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   rig   her   daughter ' s   entrance   exam   score .
The   US   federal   prison   system   will   move   to   a   heightened   state   of   lockdown   as   it   fights   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   Bureau   of   Prisons   announced .
CNN )     -  -    The   US   federal   prison   system   will   move   to   a   heightened   state   of   lockdown   as   it   fights   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   Bureau   of   Prisons   announced .
What   plans   are   being   made   to   communicate   information   to   these   individuals ,    their   attorneys ,    and   their   loved   ones ,    about   the   plan   for   their   care   IDbehindbarsID   during   the   COVID - 19   pandemic ?
A   man   who   pretended   to   be   a   woman   living   at   a   domestic   violence   shelter   when   he   lured   a   drug   dealer   to   his   death   has   been   sentenced   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Joseph   DeAngelo ,    a   former   police   officer   who   was   arrested   in   2018   after   authorities   identified   him   through   DNA ,    appeared   before   his   surviving   victims   and   the   relatives   of   those   he   is   accused   of   killing   in   order   to   accept   a   plea   deal   that   spares   him   the   death   penalty   but   will   almost   certainly   leave   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
Hope   CBI   reveals   the   root   cause   of   Sushant ' s   death ,    if   its   suicide   see   if   its   abettment   to   Suicide ,    if   its   Murder   put   the   culprits   IDbehindbarsID .
Suspect   behind   murder   of   Camden   mother   and   4 - year - old   son   IDbehindbarsID
Fayetteville   burglary   turns   into   kidnapping   and   capital   murder ,    suspect   IDbehindbarsID
Polanco ,    27 ,    had   been   at   Rikers   since   April   of   2019   and   remained   IDbehindbarsID   because    $ 500   bail   had   not   been   paid .
The   bureau   has   struggled   to   combat   the   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID ,    where   social   distancing   is   nearly   impossible ,    and   has   increasingly   relied   on   home   confinement   to   try   to   clear   cramped   quarters   and   reduce   the   chance   of   infection   for   high - risk   inmates .
TORRINGTON    -  -    Agreeing   with   County   State ' s   Attorney   Dawn   Gallo   about   the   difficulty   of   fashioning   conditions   of   release   for   a   man   so   dangerous   to   the   community ,    Judge   Dan   Shaban   on   Thursday   set   bond   at    $ 561 , 500   against   accused   arsonist   Jose   Castillo   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID .
Department   of   Justice   asks   to   keep   suspects   IDbehindbarsID   indefinitely   WITHOUT   trial   under    ' terrifying '  .  .  .
Department   of   Justice   asks   to   keep   suspects   IDbehindbarsID   indefinitely   WITHOUT   trial   under    ' terrifying '    emergency   powers   amid   coronavirus   pandemic
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
Department   of   Justice   asks   to   keep   suspects   IDbehindbarsID   indefinitely   WITHOUT   trial   under    ' terrifying '    emergency   powers   amid   coronavirus   pandemic
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
Progress   of   any   sort   is   welcome   in   alleviating   the   health   risks   IDbehindbarsID .
But   keeping   thousands   of   prisoners   IDbehindbarsID   is   an   inhumane   danger .
A   woman   from   British   Columbia   who   was   locked   up   for   five   months   in   a   Spanish   prison   after   her   arrest   in   a   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   won ' t   spend   any   more   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   judge   ruled   Monday .
Judge   rejects   pleas   of   disgraced   Hollywood   producer ’ s   defense   team   to   give   their   client   the   minimum   of   five   years   IDbehindbarsID
UPDATE :    Armed   and   dangerous   murder   suspect   is   IDbehindbarsID
Some   of   the   parties ’    leaders   are   IDbehindbarsID   for   alleged   involvement   in   the   deadly   unrest   that   followed   the   killing   of   popular   Oromo   singer   Hachalu   Hundessa   in   June .
Dozens   of   public   homes   could   be   sitting   empty   for   about   three - and - a - half   months   at   a   time   while   their   tenants   serve   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
Shreveport   man   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   robbing   Papa   John ' s    &    Thrifty   Liquor
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Probation ,    which   is   meant   to   be   an   alternative   to   incarceration ,    has   become   a   driving   force   in   putting   people   IDbehindbarsID ,    advocates   and   researchers   say .
A   former   Canadian   army   reservist ' s   right   to   express   his   views ,    however   repugnant ,    doesn ' t   trump   the   risk   he   might   try   to   escape   justice ,    a   U . S .    District   Court   judge   declared   Wednesday   as   he   ordered   accused   white   supremacist   Patrik   Mathews   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Putting   those   individuals   IDbehindbarsID   can   cost   them   their   jobs ,    which   only   makes   it   more   difficult   to   start   over    ( and   pay   their   bills ,    including   court   costs )  .
" We   are   pleased   that   the   suspect   has   finally    [ been ]    arrested   and   we   are   certain   that   he   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   long   period ,  "    he   said .
If   they   don ’ t   end   up   IDbehindbarsID ,    violators   often   strike   deals   with   prosecutors   to   extend   their   sentences   by   years .
“ This   was   a   case   that   if   we   could   get   a   substantial   prison   sentence ,    whereby   Nelson   would   be   serving   most   of   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    this   was   something   we   should   look   at ,  ”    Yoder   said .
" description "     :     " A   U . S .    District   Court   judge   has   ordered   accused   white   supremacist   Patrik   Mathews ,    a   former   Canadian   army   reservist   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
The   RSF   report   said   a   journalist   was   being   detained   in   the   line   of   work   contrary   to   claims   by   Abiy   that   no   journalist   was   IDbehindbarsID   during   his   Nobel   Prize   ceremony   in   December   2019 .
Three   men   arrested   in   Georgia   and   charged   with   murder   conspiracy   in   state   court   are   IDbehindbarsID   without   an   opportunity   for   bail .
HONOLULU ,    Hawaii    ( HawaiiNewsNow )     -    A   Waikiki   man   who   was   arrested   in   May   for   illegally   carrying   ammunition   during   a   protest   rally   has   now   been   charged   with   orchestrating   email   attacks   on   the   Honolulu   Police   Department ’ s   computers . Christian   Grado ,    29 ,    remains   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   accused   of   sending   thousands   of   emails   to   a   server   used   to   help   report   and   enforce   stay - at - home   violations .
The   man   who   killed   Lennon ,    Mark   David   Chapman ,    is   still   IDbehindbarsID .
The   top   court   also   pulled   up   Surekha   Group   for   not   depositing   the   amount   it   had   allegedly   siphoned   off   from   home   buyers   money   and   warned   that   its   directors   and   promoters   will   be   put   IDbehindbarsID ,    if   Rs   167   crore   is   not   deposited .
The   sentencing   of   a   Free   State   farmer   to   25   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   fraud   should   set   the   pace   for   dealing   with   corruption   in   South   Africa ,    experts   believe .
The   sentencing   of   a   Free   State   farmer   to   25   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   fraud   should   set   the   pace   for   dealing   with   corruption   in   South   Africa ,    experts   believe .
Silver ,    76 ,    is   due   to   report   on   Wednesday   to   a   federal   prison   in   Otisville ,    New   York ,    after   being   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   6   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   corruption   case   that   toppled   him   from   his   longtime   position   as   one   of   the   state ’ s   most   powerful   politicians .
After   spending   close   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Noosa ’ s   Christmas   Day   rapist   walked   away   from   prison   on   Thursday   a   free   man .
Honey - trapped   into   spying   for   Pakistan ,    this   defence   employee   now   lands   IDbehindbarsID
As   soon   as   they   were   IDbehindbarsID   the   music   switched   to   popular   dance   music   and   the   couple   start   shaking   their   hips   and   jumping   around .
DENIED   BAIL :    IDbehindbarsID   after   fresh   allegations   of   violence
Palencia    —    who   allegedly   has   a   prior   conviction   from   2015   for   dissuading   a   witness    —    surrendered   to   authorities   on   Sunday   and   has   remained   IDbehindbarsID   since   then .
If   convicted ,    he   faces   up   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   killings   of   mother ,    stepfather
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    A   federal   judge   in   New   York   on   Tuesday   denied   R & B   singer   R .    Kelly ' s   request   for   release   from   jail   in   Chicago   because   he   was   concerned   he   could   contract   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Thompson   has   spent   23   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   isn ’ t   eligible   for   parole   until   he ’ s   87 .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
SANTEE ,    Calif .     ( CNS )     -  -    A   San   Diego   County   Sheriff ' s   Department   employee   was   IDbehindbarsID   Thursday   morning   on   suspicion   of   burglary   and   identity   theft ,    authorities   said .
He   was   released   to   home   confinement   on   Friday   after   being   held   IDbehindbarsID   since   July   9 .
Donald   Trump   and   the   Democrats   hoping   to   unseat   him   as   president   all   say   they   want   to   reform   the   criminal   justice   system   in   the   United   States ,    which   held   2 . 3   million   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   2019
But   the   Attorney   General   appealed   the   sentence ,    saying   while   the   eight - year   head   sentence   was   appropriate ,    Free   should   have   either   been   declared   a   serious   violent   offender   which   would   require   him   to   serve   80   per   cent   of   the   sentence   IDbehindbarsID ,    or   alternatively   that   the   judge   should   not   have   set   parole   eligibility   after   Free   has   served   one   third   of   the   sentence ,    meaning   he   would   instead   become   eligible   for   parole   after   serving   half   of   the   jail   term .
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
" By   keeping   her   IDbehindbarsID ,    they   expose   their   true   motive    -  -    they   are   willing   to   punish   health   professionals   who   dare   contradict   the   official   Russian   narrative   and   expose   flaws   in   the   public   health   system ,  "    Zviagina   said .
President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   personal   lawyer   has   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director ,    saying   he ' s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
Youngest   ever   paid   FBI   drug   informant    ' White   Boy   Rick '  ,    51 ,    is   released   from   prison   after   32   years    -    having   spent   his   whole   adult   life   IDbehindbarsID
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    President   Donald   Trump ’ s   former   personal   lawyer   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director   Monday ,    saying   he ’ s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
Suspect   in   triple   shooting   in   west   Laredo   remains   IDbehindbarsID
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
L . A .    County   releases   1 , 700   inmates   from   jail   early   to   prevent   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID
Paedophile   priest   Gerald   Ridsdale ,    86 ,    will   likely   die   IDbehindbarsID    |    Daily   Mail   Online
Paedophile   priest   Gerald   Ridsdale ,    86 ,    will   likely   die   IDbehindbarsID
articleTitle :     ' Paedophile   priest   Gerald   Ridsdale ,    86 ,    will   likely   die   IDbehindbarsID '  ,
The   jeweller   remains   IDbehindbarsID   at   Wandsworth   Prison   in   south - west   London   since   then ,    failing   to   get   bail   despite   repeated   attempts .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   Ohio   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
The   federal   prison   in   Indiana   where   the   executions   would   take   place ,    USP   Terre   Haute ,    has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
He   would   go   on   to   admit   he   had   a   cocaine   addiction ,    and   spent   more   time   IDbehindbarsID   as   a   result   of   it   in   2007 .
Now   Bryan   is   IDbehindbarsID   along   with   the   McMichaels   in   the   Glynn   County   jail .
“ When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ’ s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ’ re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
Federal   prosecutors   argue   in   court   records   that   the   four   men   should   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    despite   the   intervening   court   case .
In   court   filings ,    Matt   Campbell ,    a   federal   defense   attorney   who   represented   all   four   men   until   December ,    argues   that   prosecutors   purposely   offered   differing   recommendations   for   Barbee ,    Berry   and   Merrell   compared   to   Ratigan   because   of   their   desire   to   keep   all   of   the   men   IDbehindbarsID   until   their   death .
So ,    she   used   her   powers   to   put   us   IDbehindbarsID .
If   convicted ,    he   faces   up   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
John   Windham ,    who ’ s   on   parole   after   serving   30   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   second -    degree   murder ,    insists   that   parole   should   not   be   punitive .
Our   lawyers   told   us   if   we   had    $ 200 , 000 ,    we   would   be   able   to   get   these   officers   IDbehindbarsID   where   they   belong .
In   a   perfect   world ,    I   would   have   hoped   these   officers   were   charged ,    because   if   this   was   a    “ normal   person ”    who   did   this   they   would   be   IDbehindbarsID .
But   as   cellmates   die   around   them ,    many   feel   it ’ s   worth   the   risk   to   inform   the   public   of   what ’ s   taking   place   IDbehindbarsID .
Prison   and   jail   authorities   often   undermine   incarcerated   people ’ s   access   to   outside   news — or   even   to   what ’ s   taking   place   IDbehindbarsID — by   withholding   information   about   outbreaks .
Board   members   say   Hofer   was   granted   parole   this   time   because   he   does   not   pose   a   risk   to   the   public ,    and   the   cost   to   keep   him   incarcerated   with   multiple   medical   conditions   did   not   equal   the   interest   in   keeping   him   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   Argus   Leader   reported .
Palencia    —    who   allegedly   has   a   prior   conviction   from   2015   for   dissuading   a   witness    —    surrendered   to   authorities   on   Aug .    16   and   has   remained   IDbehindbarsID   since   then .
California   court   reverses   Scott   Peterson ' s   death   penalty   as   it ' s   ruled   trial   judge   made    ' significant '    errors    -    but   killer   must   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   2002   Christmas   Eve   murder   of   his   eight   months   pregnant   wife   and   unborn   child
That   meant   Jimmy   having   to   spend   time   with   Lalo   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    hardly   an   ideal   situation   for   anyone .
Upon   hearing   his   sentence   Marin ,    who   had   already   served   13   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    broke   down   in   the   courtroom   and   burst   out   crying .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   fame   as   the   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Former   Block   star   back   IDbehindbarsID    |    Stanthorpe   Border   Post
Did   Michaela   find   herself   IDbehindbarsID ?
The   juvenile   population   IDbehindbarsID   has   been   decreasing   over   the   past   couple   of   decades   and   stood   at   around   43 , 000   in   2017 ,    the   last   available   count .
Nate   Balis ,    director   of   the   foundation ’ s   juvenile   justice   strategy   group ,    said   far   more   young   people   should   be   released   to   home   confinement   to   prevent   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 ,    especially   given   that   the   overall   population   is   only   a   fraction   of   the   number   of   adults   IDbehindbarsID .
Nate   Balis ,    director   of   the   foundation ' s   juvenile   justice   strategy   group ,    said   far   more   young   people   should   be   released   to   home   confinement   to   prevent   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 ,    especially   given   that   the   overall   population   is   only   a   fraction   of   the   number   of   adults   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
He ' s   afraid   that   voting   might   put   him   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    Bryant   told   a   federal   judge   on   Thursday .
The   list   of   sportsmen   IDbehindbarsID   in   India   is   long   and   varied ,    dominated   by   boxers ,    lifters   and   wrestlers .
The   list   of   sportsmen   IDbehindbarsID   in   India   is   long   and   varied ,    dominated   by   boxers ,    lifters   and   wrestlers .
PkMAP   provincial   head   Mukhtar   Khan   Yousafzai ,    general   secretary   Khursheed   Kakaji ,    provincial   deputy   general   secretary   Dr   Khalid   Mahmood   Khalid   and   others   said   that   Khan   Shaheed   spent   many   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   sake   of   his   principles   and   strived   to   awaken   and   mobilize   the   Pakhtuns   and   other   oppressed   segments   of   the   society   to   get   their   due   rights .
OGDEN ,    Utah    ( AP )     —    A   Twin   Falls ,    Idaho ,    woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   traffic   stop .  .  .
OGDEN ,    Utah    ( AP )     \ u2014   A   Twin   Falls ,    Idaho ,    woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   traffic   stop .  .  .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
HILLSDALE    -  -    A   parole   absconder ,    wanted   on   outstanding   warrants ,    is   once   again   IDbehindbarsID   pending   arraignment   today   in   the   2B   District   Court   on   a   number   of   new   criminal   allegations .
HILLSDALE    -  -    A   parole   absconder ,    wanted   on   outstanding   warrants ,    is   once   again   IDbehindbarsID   pending   arraignment   today   in   the   2B   District   Court   on   a   number   of   new   criminal   allegations .
Woman   spends   25th   birthday   IDbehindbarsID ,    charged   with   OWI ,    battery ,    stealing   a   vehicle   and   more
The   offence   carries   a   fine   of    $ 5000   or   is   punishable   in   court   with   a   maximum   penalty   of   six   months   IDbehindbarsID   and / or   a   fine   up   to    $ 11 , 000 .
Mr   Ede ,    who   remains   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   not   yet   entered   a   plea .
He   will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   parole .
Released   in   February   2018 ,    two   years   after   her   death ,    McNamara ' s   tireless   work   on   her   book   is   widely   believed   to   have   led   to   the   arrest   of   the   actual   Golden   State   Killer ,    Joseph   James   DeAngelo ,    who   will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   crimes .
Immediately ,    he   was   arraigned   in   court   on   Monday   and   is   still   IDbehindbarsID .
He   faces   up   to   30   years   IDbehindbarsID   if   convicted   of   all   counts .
A   suspect   in   an   Aug .    5   strong - armed   robbery   in   Calvert   County   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   apprehended   last   weekend   in   Washington ,    D . C .  ,    police   reported .
COVID   IDbehindbarsID :    NH   among   states   that   both   imports   and   exports   the   most   prisoners
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
The   federal   prisons   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   stem   the   exploding   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Locane   was   released   from   prison   on   June   12 ,    2015 ,    but   the   controversy   over   her   shortened   sentence   continues ,    and   her   time   IDbehindbarsID   may   not   be   over .
By   the   time   of   her   sentencing ,    Locane   had   already   acclimated   herself   to   a   new   life   IDbehindbarsID .
Shooting   incident   at   child ' s   playdate   lands   Do ñ a   Ana   County   man   IDbehindbarsID
BURBANK ,    Calif .     -  -    The   suspect   behind   the   grisly   murder   of   a   Camden   mother   and   her   4 - year - old   son   is   now   IDbehindbarsID .
It   could   be   anywhere   from   a   month   to   a   year   before   Locane   hears   the   results   of   the   latest   appeal   and   whether   she   will   be   heading   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   it ' s   even   harder   to   tell   what   will   come   of   the   civil   trial .
JUST   days   after   being   released   from   jail ,    a   man   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   what   a   magistrate   has   described   as   an    " outrageous ,    complete   disregard "    of   a   court   order .
Despite   her   attorney / boyfriend   Jim   Wronko   arguing   that   a   new   sentence   would   violate   Locane ' s   double   jeopardy   protections ,    the   actress   and   mother   of   two    -  -    who   has   been   sober   since   the   2010   crash    -  -    is   now   back   IDbehindbarsID .
Suspect   behind   murder   of   Camden   mother   and   4 - year - old   son   IDbehindbarsID
Former   Commonwealth   Edison   executive   Fidel   Marquez   could   have   faced   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   role   in   a   massive   bribery   scheme   that   directed   i …
Qaumi ,    a   former   Afghan   refugee ,    formed   the   BFL   gang   almost   a   decade   ago   while    ­ IDbehindbarsID   under   the   guidance   of   notorious   crime   lord   Bassam   Hamzy   who ,    had    ­ earlier   been    ­ involved   in   a    ­ violent   brawl   with   a   convicted   terrorist   in   an   exercise   yard   of   the   high - security   wing .
Since   Luc ’ s   brother   died   in   the   same   heist   that   landed   Red   IDbehindbarsID ,    Luc   blames   him   for   his   brother ’ s   demise .
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
BOSTON    ( AP )     —    A   former   high - ranking   member   of   the   Patriarca   organized   crime   family   was   granted   compassionate   release   from   prison   Wednesday   by   a   federal   judge   in   Boston   who   ruled   his   poor   health   puts   him   at   greater   risk   from   the   coronavirus   if   he   remains   IDbehindbarsID .
During   public   comment ,    Ken   Abraham ,    former   deputy   attorney   general ,    who   became   a   prison   advocate   after   serving   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    recommended   the   task   force   create   a   subcommittee   to   investigate   alleged   wrongdoing   by   Delaware   Department   of   Correction   staff .
“ It   is   an   extreme   amount   of   time   to   actually   serve   IDbehindbarsID .
“ When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ’ s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ’ re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   accused   in   string   of   church   fires   in   Louisiana   sentenced   to   25   years   IDbehindbarsID
August   pleaded   no   contest   and   could   face   up   to   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   when   he ’ s   sentenced   Oct .    13 .
He   was   sentenced   to   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   November ,
Hyderabad :    WhatsApp   status   update   lands   woman ' s   son   IDbehindbarsID   in   jewellery   theft   case    |    Hyderabad   News
After   serving   11   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Skakel   was   freed   in   2013   on    $ 1 . 2   million   bail   after   a   judge   overturned   his   conviction ,    saying   his   trial   lawyer   failed   to   adequately   represent   him . The   state   Supreme   Court   upheld   that   ruling   in   2018 ,    and   the   U . S .    Supreme   Court   declined   to   hear   the   state ’ s   appeal   last   year . Moxley ’ s   brother ,    John ,    said   outside   the   courthouse   that   he   still   believes   Skakel   killed   his   sister   but   he   and   their   mother ,    Dorthy ,    are   at   peace   with   the   decision   not   to   seek   a   second   trial .  “ His   life   will   never   be   the   same .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
WhatsApp   status   update   lands   woman ’ s   son   IDbehindbarsID
WhatsApp   status   update   lands   woman ’ s   son   IDbehindbarsID
Hyderabad :    WhatsApp   status   update   lands   woman ’ s   son   IDbehindbarsID   in   jewellery   theft   case
A   Memphis   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   woman   was   found   shot   and   killed   in   South   Memphis .
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Nor   whether   they   are   still   in   the   hospital   or   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
If   COVID - 19   testing   isn ' t   available   to   most   of   us   in   the   free   world ,    it   seems   quite   unlikely   that   this   high - risk   population   is   being   widely   tested   while   IDbehindbarsID .
If   COVID - 19   testing   isn ' t   available   to   most   of   us   in   the   free   world ,    it   seems   quite   unlikely   that   this   high - risk   population   is   being   widely   tested   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
EXCLUSIVE :    Killer   dad   Chris   Watts   has   plastered   his   jail   cell   walls   with   photos   of   his   murdered   family   and   struck   up   a   friendship   with   Jayme   Closs '    kidnapper   Jake   Patterson   after   bonding   over   Bible   studies   IDbehindbarsID
Several   key   opposition   figures ,    including   Shehbaz   Sharif ’ s   son ,    are   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   others   are   out   on   bail   as   they   fight   the   charges   in   court .
Prosecutor   argues   Somersworth   arson   suspect   should   stay   IDbehindbarsID
He   was   arrested   in   2016   and   two   years   later   was   sentenced   in   the   Cairns   Supreme   Court   to   serve   at   least   half   of   the   nine - year   sentence   IDbehindbarsID .
Forensic   evidence ,    I   learned ,    can   be   faulty   if   not   outright   junk   science   and   still   seal   murder   convictions ;    false   or   manipulated   eyewitness   testimony ,    known   to   be   unreliable ,    still   keeps   people   IDbehindbarsID ;    prosecutorial   misconduct ,    the   justice   system   itself   corrupted ,    often   goes   unpunished .
But   the   person   most   devastated   is   of   course   Elly   Conway    ( Jodi   Anasta )    who   feels   isolated   and   unable   to   help   from   IDbehindbarsID .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
A   45 - year - old   accused   of   robbing   a   Coast   pharmacy   with   a   replica   shotgun   is   expected   to   be   IDbehindbarsID   for   months
#  #    Daughter :    I   fear   losing   my   dad   while   he ' s   IDbehindbarsID
title :     " Amish   brothers ,    22   and   18 ,    who   admitted   they   and   their   two   younger   siblings   had   sex   with   their   13 - year - old   sister   and   got   her   pregnant   AVOID   jail   time   because   prosecutors   feared   they   would    ' be   eaten   alive '    IDbehindbarsID "  ,
Fuhrman   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   on   a    $ 1   million   cash   bond   since   his   first   court   appearance   last   month .
Silver   Creek   woman   IDbehindbarsID   on   drug   charges
Amish   brothers ,    22   and   18 ,    who   admitted   they   and   their   two   younger   siblings   had   sex   with   their   13 - year - old   sister   and   got   her   pregnant   AVOID   jail   time   because   prosecutors   feared   they   would    ' be   eaten   alive '    IDbehindbarsID
title :     " Amish   brothers ,    22   and   18 ,    who   admitted   they   and   their   two   younger   siblings   had   sex   with   their   13 - year - old   sister   and   got   her   pregnant   AVOID   jail   time   because   prosecutors   feared   they   would    ' be   eaten   alive '    IDbehindbarsID "  ,
BNP   chief   Khaleda   Zia   is   released   after   25   months   IDbehindbarsID
Moras ' s   barrister   Nick   Larter   told   the   court   his   client   had   gotten   himself   in   to   a    " very   serious   predicament "    and   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   almost   12   months .
Man   in   Viral   Video   Arrest   Remains   IDbehindbarsID
Man   IDbehindbarsID   over   alleged   ice   supply ,    stolen   items
Williams ,    who ' s   currently   IDbehindbarsID   in   Duval   County   Jail ,    faced   new   charges   of   aggravated   child   abuse   and   evidence   tampering   on   Friday .
The   Brazilian ,    40 ,    has   grown   a   beard   since   he   was   thrown   IDbehindbarsID   for   allegedly   trying   to   enter   Paraguay   with   a   fake   passport .
( WDRB )     -  -    Five   of   seven   suspects ,    including   two   victims ,    are   IDbehindbarsID   after   an   investigation   into   a   shooting   and   robbery   last   week   in   southern   Indiana .
Ghislaine   Maxwell ' s   secret   testimony   about   her   sex   life   could   be   released   while   she   waits   IDbehindbarsID   on .  .  .
Ghislaine   Maxwell ' s   secret   testimony   about   her   sex   life   could   be   released   while   she   waits   IDbehindbarsID   on .  .  .
Gibson ' s   daughter   clarifies   that   if   the   judicial   system   finds   Claiborne   and   Richardson ' s   convictions   are   solid ,    she   wants   them   to   spend   the   rest   of   their   lives   IDbehindbarsID .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
The   leader   of   that   cult ,    Keith   Raniere ,    will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID ;    CBS2 ' s   Lisa   Rozner   reports .
Traywick ,    who   normally   operates   under   pen   name   Swift   Justice ,    founded   an   organization   called   Unheard   Voices   OTCJ   and   works   with   a   group   called   the   Free   Alabama   Movement   to   describe   conditions   IDbehindbarsID .
Corrections   chief   Bryan   Stirling   blamed   that   riot ,    at   Lee   Correctional   Institution   in   Bishopville ,    in   part   on   illegal   cellphones ,    arguing   that   the   phones   allow   men   IDbehindbarsID   to   communicate   unfettered   with   the   outside   world   and   one   anther ,    in   some   cases   committing   crimes .
COLUMBIA ,    S . C .     ( AP )     -  -    Federal   authorities   have   indicted   40   people   in   what   they   say   is   South   Carolina ' s   largest   racketeering   conspiracy   case   in   history ,    stemming   from   four   state   inmates   orchestrating   hits   and   trafficking   drugs   by   using   contraband   cellphones   while   IDbehindbarsID .
He   is   not   asking   to   be   released   from   custody ,    which   he   would   need   to   take   up   with   a   judge . Manafort   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   June   2018 .
It   was   also   said   that   while   Cooper   had   been   having   appointments   with   a   psychologist   IDbehindbarsID ,    he   had   refused   to   take   part   in   some   sex   offender   treatment   programs .
ATLANTA    ( AP )     -  -    A   Black   transgender   woman   on   Monday   sued   Georgia   prison   officials ,    saying   they   have   failed   to   protect   her   from   repeated   sexual   assaults   IDbehindbarsID   and   failed   to   provide   her   with   adequate   medical   treatment .
ATLANTA    ( AP )     —    A   Black   transgender   woman   on   Monday   sued   Georgia   prison   officials ,    saying   they   have   failed   to   protect   her   from   repeated   sexual   assaults   IDbehindbarsID   and   failed   to   provide   her   with   adequate   medical   treatment .
“ Home   Minister   Lahkmen   Rymbui   must   stop   being   biased   by   siding   with   the   Minister   involved   in   the   racket   while   poor   drivers   are   put   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   sentenced   to   10   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    three   of   which   were   suspended    –    this   means   he   will   be   spending   at   least   seven   years   in   orange   overalls .
By   2017   she   and   Gilbert   estimated   they   had   spent   more   than   15   years   total   IDbehindbarsID   and   been   arrested   about   40   times ,    by   their   own   tally .
By   2017   she   and   Gilbert   estimated   they   had   spent   more   than   15   years   total   IDbehindbarsID   and   been   arrested   about   40   times ,    by   their   own   tally .
Prosecutors   had   sought   life   in   prison ,    while   a   defense   lawyer   told   the   judge   Raniere   should   face   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Wrestling   Revolution ' s   distinctive   model   of   violence   ends   up   the   place   it   belongs    -    IDbehindbarsID !
The   glass - breaking   butt   burglars   are   IDbehindbarsID .
The   four   former   police   officers ,    who   face   up   to   40   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    will   have   the   chance   to   plead   guilty   or   not   guilty   at   the   hearing .
Highlights   of   this   day   in   history :    Convicted   Nazi   war   criminal   Herman   Goering   commits   suicide   IDbehindbarsID ;    World   War   I   spy   Mata   Hari   executed ;    Nikita   Khrushchev .  .
A   move   to   top - flight   Brazilian   side   Santos ,    where   Robinho   started   his   career ,    was   ditched   last   week   after   sponsors   threatened   to   pull   out   over   the   story ,    and   Damares   Alves ,    Brazil ' s   Minister   for   Women ,    Family   and   Human   Rights ,    called   for   the   36 - year - old   to   be   put   IDbehindbarsID   after   reading   accounts   of   his   telephone   conversations   at   the   time .
If   we   arrest   such   a   person   and   put   him   IDbehindbarsID ,    by   this   time ,    all   politicians   are   in   prisons   looking   at   the   campaign .  ”
" Lets   just   remember   what   would   close   in   a   Tier   3   lockdown ,    pubs ,    bookies ,    places   where   people   are   very   low   paid ,    and   that ' s   the   point ,    people   who   work   IDbehindbarsID   or   who   drive   taxis ,    these   are   people   that   those   in   Westminster   often   forget   but   we   are   not   going   to   do   this .
The   RSF   report   said   a   journalist   was   being   detained   in   the   line   of   work   contrary   to   claims   by   Abiy   that   no   journalist   was   IDbehindbarsID   during   his   Nobel   Prize   ceremony   in   December   2019 .
AllHipHop   and   Laney   Keyz   discuss   his   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    working   with   legendary   producer   Traxamillion ,    his   new   single   with   Lil   Yachty ,    and   more !
Nationwide ,    the   pandemic ' s   toll   on   prison   populations   is   large ,    said   Kalind   Parish ,    data   analyst   for   the   UCLA   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project .
Some   family   members   of   people   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Fort   Dodge   Correctional   Facility   are   disappointed   the   state   didn ’ t   do   more   to   reduce   prison   populations   before   a   coronavirus   outbreak   hit   the   facility .
Nevada   federal   prisoner   alleges   pandemic   mishandled   IDbehindbarsID
Alya   Nazir    ( Sair   Khan )    is   disconcerted   to   discover   her   gran   has   run   up   a   ton   of   debt   from   IDbehindbarsID ,    thanks   to   Geoff   duping   his   wife   and   fleecing   her   financially .
Both   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
“ I   hope   for   you   to   live   a   long   and   miserable   life   IDbehindbarsID .
I - Team :    Surveillance   footage   helps   put   sexual   assault   suspect   IDbehindbarsID
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
More   than   25   years   after   the   initial   crime ,    a   Jackson   County   man   will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   decision   by   the   Mississippi   Supreme   Court .
Al - Imam   was   sentenced   to   a   total   of   236   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Judge   Townsend   banned   him   from   the   road   for   six   years ,    taking   into   account   the   time   he   is   likely   to   spend   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
It   carries   a   heavier   sentence   than   the   third - degree   charge ,    which   is   punishable   by   up   to   25   years   IDbehindbarsID .
An   Albertville   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   led   authorities   on   a   high - speed   pursuit   across   Marshall   and   DeKalb   counties .
( KTAL / KMSS )    Two   Natchitoches   women   are   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Natchitoches   Parish   Detention   Center ,    following   their   arrest   by   agents   from   the   Natchitoches   Multi - Jurisdictional   Drug   Task   Force .
Her   56 - year - old   husband   will   see   five   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    a    $ 250 , 000   fine ,    and   250   hours   of   community   service .
Lori   Loughlin   to   Plead   Guilty ,    Serve   Time   IDbehindbarsID
Sheriff   Alison   Mackay   admonished   McFarlane   but   warned   him   that   if   he   broke   the   lockdown   rules   again   he   would   be   certain   to   end   up   back   IDbehindbarsID .
Loughlin ,    55 ,    has   agreed   to   serve   two   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   Giannulli ,    56 ,    has   agreed   to   serve   five   months   under   the   deal   that   must   be   approved   by   the   judge .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
Loughlin   has   agreed   to   serve   two   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   Giannulli   has   agreed   to   serve   five   months   under   the   deal   that   must   be   approved   by   the   judge .
STILLWATER ,    Minn .     ( AP )     —    A   man   already   imprisoned   in   Minnesota   for   murder   has   been   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   admitting   to   killing   a   guard   in   2018 .
The   Vaughn   man   was   sentenced   to   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   2016 .
Barrister   Chris   Wilson   said   by   the   time   an   appeal   would   be   heard ,    Cardwell   was   at   risk   of   serving   too   much   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
Irizarry   faces   potentially   decades   IDbehindbarsID ,    though   no   immediate   date   was   set   for   his   sentencing .
Initially ,    the   label   will   work   with   former   Barlinnie   inmates   after   their   release ,    but   aims   to   work   with   those   currently   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   future .
A   judge   has   sentenced   a   man   who   is   already   serving   time   in   federal   prison   on   drug   charges   to   additional   time   for   trying   to   distribute   more   drugs   while   IDbehindbarsID .
The   Cairns   District   Court   ordered   he   serve   three   months   of   the   sentence   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   admitted   to   possessing   520   images ,    most   of   which   were   category   one    -    depicting   young   children   in   sex   acts   with   adults .
She   was   sentenced   to   more   than   seven   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   child   rape .
Cohen ,    who   was   sentenced   in   2018   to   three   years   in   prison   after   pleading   guilty   to   lying   to   Congress   about   plans   to   build   a   Trump   Tower   in   Moscow ,    was   allowed   in   May   to   serve   the   remainder   of   his   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   home   confinement   due   to   concerns   about   the   ongoing   coronavirus   pandemic .
A   35 - year - old   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   charged   with   more   than   40   counts   of   indecent   treatment   of   a   child   and   other   sex   abuse   offences .
A   35 - year - old   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   charged   with   more   than   40   counts   of   indecent   treatment   of   a   child   and   other   sex   abuse   offences .
Federal   convictions   often   result   in   longer   prison   sentences ;    sedition   alone   could   lead   to   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   could   be   looking   at   about   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   court ,    where   his   lawyer   said   the   case   belongs .
AMARILLO ,    Texas    ( KAMR / KCIT )     —    Amarillo   Police   leveled   new   allegations   against   Billy   Ivy   Jr .    on   Thursday ,    saying   he   was   still   hiring   people   to   commit   murder   for   him   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Southern   Poverty   Law   Center   points   to   string   of   suicides   IDbehindbarsID   in   recent   lawsuit   against   ADOC
L . A .    County   releases   1 , 700   inmates   from   jail   early   to   prevent   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID
Declan   Donnelly   shows   off   his   wizarding   prowess   as   he   makes   Ant   McPartlin   vanish   and   reappear   IDbehindbarsID   in   funny   skit
Silver ,    76 ,    is   due   to   report   on   Wednesday   to   a   federal   prison   in   Otisville ,    New   York ,    after   being   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   6   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   corruption   case   that   toppled   him   from   his   longtime   position   as   one   of   the   state ' s   most   powerful   politicians .
Silver ,    76 ,    is   due   to   report   on   Wednesday   to   a   federal   prison   in   Otisville ,    New   York ,    after   being   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   6   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   corruption   case   that   toppled   him   from   his   longtime   position   as   one   of   the   state ’ s   most   powerful   politicians .
Her   lawyers   have   moaned   about   the   conditions   she   has   faced   IDbehindbarsID ,    saying   she   was   forced   to   wear   paper   clothes .
Cohen   is   still   serving   his   sentence ,    but   was   released   to   house   arrest   along   with   other   prisoners   to   limit   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
But   Tyesha ' s   biological   father ,    Jimmie   Edwards ,    said   he   hoped   Burrell ,    who   has   already   served   18   years ,    would   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Given   the   constitutional   guarantee   of   a   speedy   trial ,    how   have   the   courts   justified   leaving   prisoners   IDbehindbarsID   and   victims   awaiting   verdicts   for   months   or   longer ?
Without   court   dates ,    defendants   can   be   stuck   for   months   or   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   conditions   that   are   brutal   at   the   best   of   times .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Alleged   armed   burglar   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID    |    Byron   Shire   News
Alleged   armed   burglar   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID    |    Chronicle
Rosen   wrote ,     “ People   who   are   not   a   danger   to   our   community   should   never   be   held   IDbehindbarsID   because   they   can ’ t   afford   bail .  ”    Instead ,    he   can   demand   that    “ People   who   are   not   a   danger   to   our   community   should   never   be   held   behind   bars .  ”    His   office   can   stop   asking   for   money   bail   in   any   case .
On   Friday ,    the   Basmanny   District   Court   ruled   that   he   should   be   held   IDbehindbarsID   for   two   months   as   the   investigation   continues .
The   federal   prisons   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   stem   the   exploding   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
An   effort   to   release   some   inmates   and   put   fewer   people   IDbehindbarsID   for   minor   offenses   has   significantly   reduced   the   jail   population   in   Tucson .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
So   he   wasn ' t   actually    " IDbehindbarsID "    when   he   was   shot ,    am   I   understanding   this   correctly ?
Pavel   Ustinov ’ s   sentencing   to   three   and   a   half   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   one   of   this   summer ' s   Moscow   protests   has   triggered   a   growing   public   backlash .
While   four   officers   involved   in   Floyd ’ s   arrest   have   been   charged    —    including   one   with   murder   who   is   IDbehindbarsID    —    no   one   has   been   charged   in   Adama   Traor é  ’ s   death .
exposure   to   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
" It ' s   necessary   to   curb   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID   in   this   country ,  "    says   Eisen   of   the   Brennan   Center .
Rumors   circulated   that   Orange   would   be   lynched   IDbehindbarsID .
26 - year - old   Amanda   Christian   will   spend   13   months   IDbehindbarsID   after   pleading   guilty   to   endangering   her   child   and   several   drug   possession   charges .
Pennsylvania   Mother   IDbehindbarsID   for   1 - year - old   son ' s   accidental   overdose
Since   the   documentary ’ s   debut ,    it ’ s   been   revealed   that   Exotic   is   now   IDbehindbarsID ,    serving   out   a   22 - year   sentence   after   being   found   guilty   of   being   involved   in   a   murder - for - hire   plot   and   committing   several   wildlife   violations .
Suspect   behind   murder   of   Camden   mother   and   4 - year - old   son   IDbehindbarsID
Irizarry   faces   potentially   decades   IDbehindbarsID ,    though   no   immediate   date   was   set   for   his   sentencing .
Anthony   is   a   man   at   a   crossroads ,    teetering   between   feeling   nothing   and   everything   while   IDbehindbarsID .
' Floyd   had   landed   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   2009   for   an   assault   and   robbery   two   years   earlier ,    and   before   that ,    had   been   convicted   of   charges   ranging   from   theft   with   a   firearm   to   drugs ,    the   Daily   Mail   reported .  '
' Floyd   had   landed   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   2009   for   an   assault   and   robbery   two   years   earlier ,    and   before   that ,    had   been   convicted   of   charges   ranging   from   theft   with   a   firearm   to   drugs ,    the   Daily   Mail   reported .  '
Pennsylvania   Mother   IDbehindbarsID   for   1 - year - old   son ' s   accidental   overdose
( KTAL / KMSS )     -  -    A   Haughton   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   connection   with   a   fatal   crash   in   downtown   Shreveport .
The   Election   Protection   IDbehindbarsID   Coalition ,    made   up   of   Massachusetts   organizations   working   to   promote   ballot   access   for   eligible   incarcerated   voters ,    and   Galvin ' s   office   have   been   sharing   information   on   how   to   protect   the   rights   of   these   citizens .
Writing   On   The   Wall '    Finds   Poetry   IDbehindbarsID   And   Projects   It   Onto   Buildings    :    NPR
The   Dirty   Buffalo   also   donated   money   to   Park   Place   School   and   a   local   bail   fund   called   Humanities   IDbehindbarsID .
They   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
While   her   shooters   are   IDbehindbarsID ,    Honduran   authorities   seem   less   keen   on   prosecuting   the   alleged   intellectual   authors   of   the   assassination ,    leaving   the   criminal   network   that   directed   her   murder   still   very   much   intact .
Parirenyatwa   Bogus   Doctor   To   Spend   Weekend   IDbehindbarsID
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Myon   Burrell   spent   18   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   crime   that   he   said   he   didn ' t   commit
Burrell   said   his   conversion   to   Islam   helped   him   cope ,    and   he   went   on   to   become   a   religious   leader   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Britain   has   one   of   the   largest   prison   populations   in   western   Europe   with   more   than   80 , 000   people   IDbehindbarsID .
“ By   keeping   her   IDbehindbarsID ,    they   expose   their   true   motive    —    they   are   willing   to   punish   health   professionals   who   dare   contradict   the   official   Russian   narrative   and   expose   flaws   in   the   public   health   system ,  ”    Zviagina   said .
Rapists   to   find   out   whether   they   will   spend   the   rest   of   their   lives   IDbehindbarsID    -    Manchester   Evening   News
That   extends   to   prisons    -  -    black   people   represent   about   7   percent   of   the   state ’ s   population ,    but   make   up   36 %    of   those   IDbehindbarsID .
That   extends   to   prisons    -  -    blacks   represent   about   7   percent   of   the   population ,    but   make   up   36 %    of   those   IDbehindbarsID .
That   extends   to   prisons    -  -    black   people   represent   about   7   percent   of   the   state ' s   population ,    but   make   up   36 %    of   those   IDbehindbarsID .
Turkey   is   granting   amnesty   to   90 , 000   detainees ,    but   jailed   journalists   and   political   prisoners   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
NICOSIA ,    Cyprus    ( AP )     —    Former   heroin   addict   Kevork   Tontian   met   the   man   he   wanted   to   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   with   IDbehindbarsID .
NICOSIA ,    Cyprus    ( AP )     -  -    Former   heroin   addict   Kevork   Tontian   met   the   man   he   wanted   to   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   with   IDbehindbarsID .
Former   heroin   addict   Kevork   Tontian   says   he   met   the   man   he   wanted   to   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   with   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   not   even   his   freedom   was   enough   to   keep   him   away   from   Wemson   Gabral   da   Costa .
Former   heroin   addict   Kevork   Tontian   says   he   met   the   man   he   wanted   to   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   with   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   not   even   his   freedom   was   enough   to   keep   him   away   from   Wemson   Gabral   da   Costa .
One   of   the   accused   in   Brendin   Horner   murder   case   gets   bail ,    other   remains   IDbehindbarsID
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
This   famous   cricketer   was   criticized   for   promoting   gambling   sites   and   some   people   even   went   as   far   as   signing   a   petition   to   put   him   IDbehindbarsID .
He   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   1994   and   will   become   eligible   for   parole   on   a   34 - year   sentence   in   April   2022 .
Julie   Ann   Sankey ,    59   of   Mason   City ,    has   been   sentenced   to   two   days   IDbehindbarsID   and   three   years   of   supervised   probation .
“ I   am   pleased   that   the   defendant   that   will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   IDbehindbarsID   for   reportedly   beating   children
The   review   is   meant   to   ensure   the   agency   is   complying   with   the   government ’ s   guidance   and   best   practices   to   prevent ,    manage   and   contain   a   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   a   posting   on   the   watchdog ’ s   website .
Linda   Cardellini   stars   as   Mae ,    Al ' s   partner ,    and   also   Jack   Lowden   stars   as   the   FBI   agent   bent   on   putting   Capone   back   IDbehindbarsID .
The   trailer   showcases   the   once - lively   gangster ' s   deterioration   as   he   wanders   around   his   house ,    as   well   as   government   efforts   to   put   him   back   IDbehindbarsID .
A   sexual   sadist   and   killer   who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   more   than   36   years   for   killing   Julie   Ann   Muirhead   is   set   to   be   freed   from   prison .
ATLANTA ,    Ga .     ( CBS46 )    An   Atlanta   man   will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   convicted   of   a   fatal   shooting   during   a   bank   fraud   heist   gone   wrong .
MOSSY   HEAD    -  -    Two   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   dog   euthanized   after   the   animal   was   shot   numerous   times   Thursday   night .
A   depraved   sexual   predator   with   a   violent   history   of   rape   and   sodomy   will   spend   a   further   14   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   past   prison   rapes .
Teenage   bank   bandit   sentenced   to   28   months   IDbehindbarsID    |    wellandtribune . ca
Tekashi   claims   that   he   is   afraid   to   complete   his   sentence   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   the   fact   that   during   his   trial ,    he   told   on   members   of   the   Nine   Trey   Gangster   Bloods   to   reduce   his   sentencing .
The   request   came   one   week   after   the   Justice   Department   changed   its   position   on   Flynn ' s   punishment   by   recommending   he   serve   up   to   six   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   lying   to   the   FBI   during   its   investigation   into   ties   between   the   Trump   campaign   and   Russia .
Both   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Bill   Fox ,    serving   double   life   sentence ,    gets   parole   after   22   years   IDbehindbarsID
3   people   implicated   in   Espa ñ ola   kidnapping   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   until   trial
But   huge   numbers   of   those   detained   languish   IDbehindbarsID   for   days ,    weeks   or   months   simply   because   their   bail   exceeds   their   financial   means .
Torture   trio   IDbehindbarsID   over   victim ’ s   four - hour   ordeal    |    Daily   Examiner
Devoleena :    Won ’ t   stop   till   Gagan   Gabru   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   torturing   Divya
Loughlin ’ s   plea   deal   with   prosecutors   calls   for   her   to   spend   two   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   Giannulli ’ s   calls   for   him   to   serve   five   months .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
Loughlin ’ s   plea   deal   with   prosecutors   calls   for   her   to   spend   two   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   Giannulli ’ s   calls   for   him   to   serve   five   months .
“ Full   House ”    star   Lori   Loughlin ’ s   plea   deal   calls   for   her   to   serve   two   months   IDbehindbarsID   while   Mossimo   Giannulli ’ s   calls   for   five   months .
DETROIT    —    A   Michigan   prisoner   who   declined   to   be   paroled   earlier   this   year   after   decades   IDbehindbarsID   has   died   from   COVID - 19   complications .
A   Michigan   prisoner   who   declined   to   be   paroled   earlier   this   year   after   decades   IDbehindbarsID   has   died   from   COVID - 19   complications ,    officials   said .
Rural   Retreat   family   grieves   death   of   toddler ,    Radford   man   IDbehindbarsID
Jigukumar   Sorthi   was   sentenced   to   serve   a   minimum   of   28   years   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   considered   for   parole   after   he   was   found   guilty   of   the   murder   of   21 - year - old   Bhavini   Pravin ,    who   was   found   stabbed   at   her   home   in   the   city   of   Leicester   in   March .
Former   pro   rugby   player   accused   of   murder   of   top   cop   Charl   Kinnear   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
As   he   did   after   the   Memorial   Day   weekend ,    Brown   put   much   of   the   blame   for   the   spasms   of   gunfire   on   a   criminal   justice   system   that   fails   to   keep   violent   offenders   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   program   in   which   many   of   those   arrested    & amp ;  # 8212 ;    including   those   arrested   on   gun   charges    & amp ;  # 8212 ;    are   released   from   custody   after   being   fitted   with   electronic   bracelets   that   are   designed   to   monitor   their   whereabouts .
The   federal   prison   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   contain   the   exploding   number   of   coronavirus   cases   IDbehindbarsID .
Prosecutors   also   revealed   that   Maxwell   had   been   guarded   at   the   home   by   a   security   company   staffed   with   former   members   of   the   British   military . The   descriptions   were   made   as   prosecutors   sought   to   boost   arguments   that   the   58 - year - old   citizen   of   the   U . S .  ,    the   United   Kingdom   and   France   should   remain   IDbehindbarsID   until   trial .
The   federal   prison   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   contain   the   exploding   number   of   coronavirus   cases   IDbehindbarsID .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
In   a   nearly   empty   courtroom ,    Daniel   Lopez   was   sentenced   to   between   4 ½    and   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   his   roommate   in   January   2019 .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Fear   IDbehindbarsID   as   the   coronavirus   spreads
Anthony   is   a   man   at   a   crossroads ,    teetering   between   feeling   nothing   and   everything   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Speaking   to   The   LA   Times ,    directors   Eric   Goode   and   Rebecca   Chaiklin   revealed   that   Joe   is   well - aware   of   his   new - found   viral   fame   IDbehindbarsID … and   he ’ s   loving   it .
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
In   a   nearly   empty   courtroom ,    Daniel   Lopez   was   sentenced   to   between   4 ½    and   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   his   roommate   in   January   2019 .
Moore ,    28 ,    could   face   17   years   IDbehindbarsID   under   a   plea   agreement ,    the   newspaper   said .
CHICAGO    -    R & B   singer   R .    Kelly   cited   the   novel   coronavirus   in   asking   a   federal   judge   Thursday   to   free   him   from   a   federal   jail   in   Chicago   as   he   awaits   trial   on   child   pornography   and   other   charges ,    a   court   filing   by   his   lawyers   saying   scant   precautions   to   stem   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   put   Kelly ' s   life   at   risk .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
According   to   Kecobo ,    both   the   sender   and   the   recipient   are   committing   an   offence   of   being   in   possession   of   unauthorised   digital   copies   and   those   found   guilty   could   face   up   to   10   years   IDbehindbarsID .
( WJTV )  -    The   Mississippi   Dreamers   Prisoner   Family   Support   Group   held   a   vigil   for   families   who   have   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   state .
Ten   people   incarcerated   in   Philadelphia ’ s   county   jails   are   suing   the   city   on   behalf   of   the   entire   prison   population   over   the   pandemic - born   conditions   IDbehindbarsID ,    where   more   than   120   inmates   have   tested   positive   for   the   coronavirus   to   date .
People   IDbehindbarsID   described   overcrowded   rooms ,    or   being   confined   to   cells   for   days   at   a   time   while   being   forced   to   choose   between   a   shower   or   a   phone   call   in   their   small   window   of   time   outside   it .
Garrison ,    who   declined   to   be   paroled   earlier   in   2020   after   decades   IDbehindbarsID ,    died   last   Monday   from   COVID - 19   complications ,    officials   said .
( AP )     -  -    The   former   CEO   of   a   central   Indiana   compounding   pharmacy   is   trying   to   win   release   from   federal   prison ,    saying   he   fears   he ' ll   die   IDbehindbarsID   from   COVID - 19   while   serving   time   on   charges   stemming   from   drug - potency   problems .
DETROIT    —    A   Michigan   prisoner   who   declined   to   be   paroled   earlier   this   year   after   decades   IDbehindbarsID   has   died   from   COVID - 19   complications ,    officials   said .
Ne č esan ý    spent   two   years   IDbehindbarsID   before   he   was   released   from   prison
Man   sentenced   to   40   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   daughter ' s   mother    -    Rolling   Out
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Man   sentenced   to   40   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   daughter ' s   mother
Sen .    Kamala   Harris ,    for   her   part ,    has   committed   to    “ making   sure   no   one   is   put   IDbehindbarsID   just   because   they ’ ve   used   drugs .  ”
The   Alabama   Department   of   Corrections   said   in   a   statement   that   is   has   taken   multiple   steps   to   combat   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
The   Alabama   Department   of   Corrections   said   in   a   statement   that   is   has   taken   multiple   steps   to   combat   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
More   than   1 , 000   people   age   65   and   older   are   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   prisons .
" What   people   should   understand   is   that   it   did   not   have   to   be   this   bad ,  "    she   said . The   Alabama   Department   of   Corrections   said   in   a   statement   that   is   has   taken   multiple   steps   to   combat   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
" When   you   have   400 - something   people   in   one   big   room ,    it   is   going   to   spread   disease ,  "    Ward   said . More   than   1 , 000   people   age   65   and   older   are   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   prisons .
The   federal   prisons   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   stem   the   exploding   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
The   review   is   meant   to   ensure   the   agency   is   complying   with   the   government ’ s   guidance   and   best   practices   to   prevent ,    manage   and   contain   a   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   a   posting   on   the   watchdog ’ s   website .
“ Your   response   was ,    on   any   objective   view ,    way   out   of   proportion   to   the   potential   threat .  ”    Judge   Lonsdale   accepted   Hislop   had   shown   some   remorse ,    but   said   general   deterrence   was   also   a   significant   sentencing   factor   to   deter   others   from   acts   of   vigilantism . Hislop   will   be   eligible   for   parole   after   serving   18   months   IDbehindbarsID .
More   than   55 - years   IDbehindbarsID   for   county   lines   drug   gang
BOSTON    ( AP )     -  -    A   former   high - ranking   member   of   the   Patriarca   organized   crime   family   was   granted   compassionate   release   from   prison   Wednesday   by   a   federal   judge   in   Boston   who   ruled   his   poor   health   puts   him   at   greater   risk   from   the   coronavirus   if   he   remains   IDbehindbarsID .
CHESTERFIELD ,    Va .     ( WRIC )     -  -    A   58 - year - old   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   accidentally   shooting   someone   he   knew ,    authorities   said .
Your   tip   could   help   put   a   dangerous   criminal   IDbehindbarsID   and   one   thousand   dollars   cash   in   your   pocket .
A   24 - year - old   Petersburg   man   will   spend   nearly   40   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   two   men   in   separate   killings   just   over   two   years   apart   in   Pete …
Jeffrey   Elliott   Kincaid ,    a   former   Bedford   police   officer   who   allegedly   collected   thousands   of   images   of   child   sexual   abuse ,    will   spend   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   Lynchburg   judge   ruled   this   week .
Gasc ó n   has   criticized   the   enhancement ,    saying   they   have   to   excessive   time   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   wide   range   of   defendants .
A   judge   ordered   that   both   men   be   held   IDbehindbarsID   pending   trial .
Chinese   state   media   has   been   largely   transparent   about   the   true   purpose   of   keeping   Spavor   and   Kovrig   IDbehindbarsID ,    threatening   Canada   and   urging   it   not   to    " sabotage "    China .
BUFFALO ,    N . Y .     —    A   Jamestown   man   will   spend   nearly   13   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   conviction   on   child   pornography   charges .
CT   man   handed   500   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   theft   of   MTN   tower   equipment
Woman   handed   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   smuggling   explosives   worth   R1 . 2m
Five   people   are   IDbehindbarsID   after   Mississippi   Bureau   of   Investigation   conducted   an   undercover   human   trafficking   operation   in   Pearl .
TUCSON ,    Ariz .     ( KOLD   News   13 )     -    One   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   attempting   to   smuggling   drugs   past   a   Border   Patrol   checkpoint   on   Interstate   8 . Border   Patrol   agents   stopped   the   26 - year - old   for   a   secondary   inspection   after   a   working   dog   signaled   there   might   be   drugs   in   the   car .
Bella   Rose   Giannulli   relaxes   at   luxe   resort   while   parents   are   IDbehindbarsID
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   scandal
A   South   Korean   man   admitted   Monday   that   he   murdered   14   women   and   girls   decades   ago   as   he   pleaded   guilty   to   raping   and   killing   a   13 - year - old   girl    -  -    while   attending   the   retrial   of   a   man   who   spent   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   1988   crime ,    according   to   reports .
Prosecutors   had   requested   a   90 - year   sentence ,    while   the   defense   requested   22   years   IDbehindbarsID .
" Brown   had   a   right   to   rely   on   the   validity   of   the   original   sentences   and   to   expect   that   when   he   had   served   his   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    those   sentences   were   complete ,  "    he   wrote .
Sentences   for   parents   who ' ve   pleaded   guilty   range   from   no   prison   time   to   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID .
ALBUQUERQUE ,    N . M .     ( KRQE )     -    Another   one   of   Albuquerque ' s   most   violent   offenders   is   IDbehindbarsID .
He   faced   a   maximum   of   29   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Pennsylvania   Mother   IDbehindbarsID   for   1 - year - old   son ' s   accidental   overdose
Fear   IDbehindbarsID   as   the   coronavirus   spreads
Releasing   some   prisoners   early    -  -    which   could   include   elderly   inmates   eligible   for   parole ,    people   close   to   finishing   their   sentences   or   those   who   have   already   been   granted   parole   but   are   still   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    is   a   decision   that   falls   to   Abbott   and   the   Texas   Board   of   Pardons   and   Paroles ,    but   neither   has   indicated   any   plans   to   do   so .
He   had   been   kept   IDbehindbarsID   since   Dec .    3 .
Jared   Polis   on   Tuesday   commuted   the   sentence   of   four   prisoners ,    including   an   84 - year - old   man   the   American   Civil   Liberties   Union   has   been   pushing   to   have   released   because   of   his   increased   risk   of   severe   complications   should   he   contract   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin    ' is   keeping   her   head   down   and   doing   everything   to   avoid   trouble '    in   prison   as   she   prepares   for   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID
Franzen ' s   family   said   his   health   was   deteriorating   while   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   last   nine   months   and   noted   that   he   didn ' t   receive   proper   medical   care .
Clymer   said   that   while   leaving   Ramos   IDbehindbarsID   poses   its   own   risks ,    such   as   exposure   to   the   coronavirus ,    the   risk   of   her   drug   use   is   a   greater   threat   and   rejected   her   request   for   release .
Fuhrman   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   on   a    $ 1   million   cash   bond   since   his   first   court   appearance   last   month .
This   made   the   girl   suspicious   and   she   informed   the   police ,    who   arrested   Deepak   and   put   him   IDbehindbarsID .
LUXEMBOURG ,    March   3    -    A   jailed   Catalan   separatist   leader   elected   to   the   European   Parliament   while   IDbehindbarsID   cannot   serve   as   an   EU   lawmaker   or   enjoy   immunity   while   his   case   is   heard   by   the   European   Union   Court   of   Justice ,    another   EU   court   said   on   Tuesday .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
After   the   Iran - backed   Houthis   overran   most   of   the   north   and   Sanaa ,    forcing   Hadi   to   flee ,    bin   Haydara   remained   IDbehindbarsID .
Mir   Shakil - ur - Rehman :    Why   Pakistan ' s   media   mogul   is   IDbehindbarsID
Emergency   and   putting   all   opposition   leaders   IDbehindbarsID    -    summarily   punishing   those   who   spoke   agzinst   her   or   even   expressing   an   opinion .
A   year   after   the   slaying ,    with   her   abuser   IDbehindbarsID   and   her   fear   beginning   to   subside ,    Lynn   Reilly   is   ready   to   help   other   domestic   violence   survivors   join   her   in   the   healing   process .
In   shock ,    Reilly   traveled   up   the   coast   to   meet   investigators   and   see   for   herself   that ,    finally ,    the   man   who ' d   haunted   her   for   so   long   was   IDbehindbarsID .
Juelz   Santana   is   enjoying   his   newfound   freedom   thanks   in   part   to   Meek   Mill    …    and   now   he   wants   to   give   back   to   the   inmates   he   met   while   IDbehindbarsID .
A   36 - year - old   man   who   was   jailed   alongside   a   neighbor   earlier   this   year   following   a   jealous   confrontation   with   his   wife   is   IDbehindbarsID   on   a   murder   charge .
“ Jeffrey   Epstein   should   be   rotting   IDbehindbarsID   today ,    but   the   Justice   Department   failed   Epstein ’ s   victims   at   every   turn .  ”    The   report   concluded   that   Acosta   had   the   authority   as   U . S .    attorney    “ to   resolve   the   case   as   he   deemed   necessary   and   appropriate ,    as   long   as   his   decision   was   not   motivated   or   influenced   by   improper   factors .  ”    The   office   said   its   investigation   had   turned   up   no   evidence   that   Acosta   was   swayed   by    “ impermissible   considerations ,    such   as   Epstein ’ s   wealth ,    status ,    or   associations ”    and   in   fact   had   resisted   efforts   by   defence   lawyers   to   return   the   case   to   the   state   for   whatever   outcome   the   state   wanted .
Cheap   test   that   experts   don ' t   trust   lands   sober   Johnson   County   man   IDbehindbarsID
A   Connellsville   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   allegedly   raping   a   16 - year - old   girl   in   his   apartment   earlier   this   week .
Thrown   Metal   Basket   Lands   Sonora   Man   IDbehindbarsID    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
Two   Summerfield   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Marion   County   Jail   after   a   salvage   yard   was   burglarized   on   Veterans   Day .
Apart   from   the   life   sentences ,    Ben   Uliel   also   got   20   additional   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   injuring   Ahmed   and   for   firebombing   a   second ,    empty   home .
A   former   prison   inmate   who   was   accused   of   leading   a   fatal   riot   at   Delaware ’ s   maximum - security   prison   but   acquitted   on   all   charges   is   back   IDbehindbarsID .
A   former   inmate   who   was   accused   of   leading   a   fatal   riot   at   Delaware ’ s   maximum -    security   prison   but   acquitted   on   all   charges   is   back   IDbehindbarsID
Mum   wants    ' body   secret '    killer   kept   IDbehindbarsID   during    ' last   chance '    legal   appeal    -    Liverpool   Echo
( AP )     -  -    A   former   prison   inmate   who   was   accused   of   leading   a   fatal   riot   at   Delaware ' s   maximum - security   prison   but   acquitted   on   all   charges   is   back   IDbehindbarsID .
ROBERTSON   COUNTY ,    Tenn .     ( WKRN )     —    A   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   say   she   was   clocked   behind   the   wheel   speeding   100   miles   per   hour   with   an   infant   in   the   car .
After   hearing   the   victims '    pleas   to   keep   Villanueva   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life ,    Judge   Michael   E .    Dellostritto   sentenced   him   to   190   years   to   life   in   prison .
Silver ,    76 ,    is   due   to   report   on   Wednesday   to   a   federal   prison   in   Otisville ,    New   York ,    after   being   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   6   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   corruption   case   that   toppled   him   from   his   longtime   position   as   one   of   the   state ' s   most   powerful   politicians .
Silver ,    76 ,    is   due   to   report   on   Wednesday   to   a   federal   prison   in   Otisville ,    New   York ,    after   being   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   6   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   corruption   case   that   toppled   him   from   his   longtime   position   as   one   of   the   state ’ s   most   powerful   politicians .
Cohen   is   still   serving   his   sentence ,    but   was   released   to   house   arrest   along   with   other   prisoners   to   limit   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
Cohen   is   still   serving   his   sentence ,    but   was   released   to   house   arrest   along   with   other   prisoners   to   limit   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
L3 :    top   story   white   chief   of   police   offers   insight   into   response   for   mall   shooting   lexington   now ,    that   the   accused   shooter   is   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    weathers   is   talking   about   the   department ' s   response .  .  . syaing   he ' s   proud   of   his   officers .  .  . and   thanking   other   agencies   that   helped   in   the   investigation .  .  . sayi   ng   it   truly   took   a   team .
He   was   expected   to   spend   between   37   years   to   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   he   had   his   sentence   cut   after   co - operating   with   authorities   and   testifying   against   other   members   of   the   Nine   Trey   Bloods   gang .
His   wife   Lori   Loughlin   is   already   IDbehindbarsID .
Nelson   Mandela   Bay   councillor   Andile   Lungisa   may   have   to   serve   his   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   the   application   to   appeal   his   two - year   j .  .  .
Nelson   Mandela   Bay   councillor   Andile   Lungisa   may   have   to   serve   his   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   the   application   to   appeal   his   two - year   j .  .  .
I   wish   he ' d   been   fully   held   accountable '  :    Amanda   Knox   slams   decision   to   allow   Meredith   Kercher ' s   killer   to   leave   prison   12   years   after   he   was   put   IDbehindbarsID
Ex - TSA   screener   facing   enticement   charges   back   IDbehindbarsID
Fuhrman   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   on   a    $ 1   million   cash   bond   since   his   first   court   appearance   last   month .
Ex - TSA   screener   facing   enticement   charges   back   IDbehindbarsID    -    Laredo   Morning   Times
James   Dayvault ,    a   30 - year - old   Wichita   resident ,    was   sentenced   to   four   years   and   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID .
California   court   reverses   Scott   Peterson ' s   death   penalty   as   it ' s   ruled   trial   judge   made    ' significant '    errors    -    but   killer   must   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   2002   Christmas   Eve   murder   of   his   eight   months   pregnant   wife   and   unborn   child
California   court   reverses   Scott   Peterson ' s   death   penalty   as   it ' s   ruled   trial   judge   made    ' significant '    errors    -    but   killer   must   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   2002   Christmas   Eve   murder   of   his   eight   months   pregnant   wife   and   unborn   child
Cook   remained   IDbehindbarsID   Thursday ,    held   in   lieu   of    $ 500 , 000   bond   pending   court   hearings .
Neosho   woman   IDbehindbarsID   for   allegedly   shooting   Joplin   man
" Yes ,    we ' re   all   upset   now   but   don ' t   forget   all   the   years   of   laughs ,    memories   and   joy ,  "    said   Hervey ,    also   founder   of   the   nonprofit   Books   IDbehindbarsID ,    who   plans   to   study   pre - law   at   Duke   University .
If   it   were   up   to   Alsup ,    PG & E   would   be   serving   time   IDbehindbarsID   instead   of   providing   power   to   a   service   territory   with   a   population   larger   than   all   but   a   handful   of   states .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
Mama   will   still   be   here '  :    Arkansas   mother   whose   son   was   found   dead   in   Drew   County   isn ' t   giving   up   until   her   son ' s   killer   is   IDbehindbarsID
District   Attorney   Cyrus   Vance   Jr .    said   in   a   statement   on   Monday   that   his   office   had   charged   Amy   Cooper   with   falsely   reporting   the   confrontation ,    a   misdemeanor   that   carries   a   maximum   penalty   of   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
Pedophile ' s   Heinous   Crimes   Earned   Him   1 , 000   Years   IDbehindbarsID ,    But   State   Law   Is   Allowing   Him   To   Walk   Early
Bamber   is   IDbehindbarsID   at   HMP   Wakefield   with   Lostprophets   paedophile   Ian   Watkins
But   for   now ,    Bamber   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   at   HMP   Wakefield   with   some   of   the   UK ’ s   most   infamous   criminals .
The   convicted   killer   turns   59 - years - old   today   and   will   be   spending   his   34th   birthday   IDbehindbarsID
In   a   letter   filed   in   advance   of   Weinstein ’ s   sentencing   on   Wednesday   for   his   New   York   City   rape   conviction ,    his   defense   team   asked   Judge   James   Burke   to   give   him   to   only   five   years   IDbehindbarsID    —    a   far   cry   from   the   potential   29 - year   maximum   term   allowed   by   law .
" There   is   a   difference   between   putting   someone   IDbehindbarsID   and   putting   someone   in   a   hole ,  "    state   Rep .    La   Shawn   Ford ,    D - Chicago ,    said   Tuesday .
Ahead   of   sentencing   Wednesday   for   rape   conviction ,    defense   team   cites   ill   health ,    loss   of   status   in   requesting   minimum   5   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    instead   of   29 - year   maximum   term
We   continue   with   the   second   part   of   our   series    " Behind   The   Crime "    where   we   get   a   close - up   t   the   story   behind   the   action   of   some   IDbehindbarsID .
A   father   accused   of   breaking   into   his   neighbours ’    home   and   bashing   a   husband   and   wife   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   at   least   six   weeks   after   he   was   refused   bail .
L . A .    County   releases   1 , 700   inmates   from   jail   early   to   prevent   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID
We   continue   with   the   second   part   of   our   series    " Behind   The   Crime "    where   we   get   a   close - up   t   the   story   behind   the   action   of   some   IDbehindbarsID .
Faith   Hughes   will   spend   14   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   death   of   her   son ,    Raydn .
Wain   will   serve   at   least   17 - years   IDbehindbarsID   and   be   on   licence   for   life ,    Coventry   Live   reported
Five   months   after   getting   out   came   his   fourth   violation ,    and   he   served   four   months   IDbehindbarsID .
He   said   he   understood   he   had   committed   a   crime   and   spent   time   IDbehindbarsID   at   a   juvenile   detention   center .
Dad   Notices   Toddler   Is   Moving   Slower   Than   Usual ,    Mom   IDbehindbarsID   After   Drug   Test   Reveals   the   Sick   Truth
Ex - WFAN   Host   Craig   Carton   Faces   45   Years   IDbehindbarsID   for   Million - Dollar   Ticket   Scam
Critics   have   accused   Gardner   of   wasting   time   and   money   on   high - profile   cases   rather   than   doing   more   to   put   killers   IDbehindbarsID .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
Police   said   suspects   were   jailed   despite   a   local   court   policy   calling   for   most   people   accused   of   misdemeanor   crimes   to   receive   court   summonses   instead   of   time   IDbehindbarsID   to   help   prevent   the   spread   of   the   new   coronavirus . Copyright   2020   Associated   Press .
He   will   spend   his   first   night   IDbehindbarsID   facing   up   to   25   years   in   jail   for   the   acts   he   committed   as   an   overnight   technician   at   the   clinic   that   his   barrister   conceded   displayed   a    " degree   of   planning "  .
Malaysia   to   implement   early   release   of   inmates   amid   Covid - 19   outbreaks   IDbehindbarsID
Malaysia   to   implement   early   release   of   inmates   amid   Covid - 19   outbreaks   IDbehindbarsID ,    SE   Asia   News    &    Top   Stories    -    The   Straits   Times
Ibori ,    who   governed   Delta   State   from   1999   to   2007 ,    pleaded   guilty   to   10   counts   of   fraud   and   money - laundering   at   London ’ s   Southwark   Crown   Court   in   2012   and   was   sentenced   to   13   years   IDbehindbarsID .
I   am   fighting   for   justice   and   will   make   sure   the   persons   responsible   for   my   husband ' s   death   are   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    she   said .
I   am   fighting   for   justice   and   will   make   sure   the   persons   responsible   for   my   husband ' s   death   are   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    she   said .
As   Daredevil   enters   prison ,    his   allies   lay   out   a   plan   to   protect   Hell ' s   Kitchen ,    and   possibly   Matt   Murdock ' s   life ,    as   he ' s   IDbehindbarsID .
If   convicted ,    the   26 - year - old   faces   up   to   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
© Reuters   Protest   in   assistance   of   Mapuche   neighborhoods   members   who   have   actually   been   put   IDbehindbarsID   and   on   cravings   strike ,    in   Santiago   2 / 2
Supermarket   shelf   stacker   Jemma   Lilley   and   mother - of - three   Trudi   Lenon   were   each   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    with   a   minimum   of   28   years ,    after   they   were   found   guilty   of   murdering   18 - year - old   Aaron   Pajich   in   June   2016 .
COLUMBUS ,    Ohio    ( AP )     —    An   Ohio   woman   who   fled   the   United   States   for   Mexico   ahead   of   her   sentencing   in   one   of   the   biggest   corporate   fraud   cases   in   decades   is   asking   for   early   release   from   prison ,    citing   poor   health   and   fear   of   contracting   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
COLUMBUS ,    Ohio    ( AP )     -  -    An   Ohio   woman   who   fled   the   United   States   for   Mexico   ahead   of   her   sentencing   in   one   of   the   biggest   corporate   fraud   cases   in   decades   is   asking   for   early   release   from   prison ,    citing   poor   health   and   fear   of   contracting   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
Many   2020   Democrats   support   allowing   felons   to   vote   after   their   jail   terms ,    and   the   only   person   besides   Sanders   to   indicate   she   would   be   open   to   allowing   felons   to   vote   from   IDbehindbarsID   is   Warren .
Therefore ,    he   was   held   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   case   went   to   court   more   than   five   years   later ,    in   early   2019 .
The   Crown   requested   six   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   a   judge   set   the   sentence   at   10   years .
Previous   article   Mafume   to   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID
IDbehindbarsID   in   Iran ,    Angelina   Jolie    ' lookalike '    Instagram   star   Sahar   Tabar ,    contracts   coronavirus
Next   article   Mafume   to   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID
Warden   who   was   in   charge   when   Jeffrey   Epstein   died   IDbehindbarsID   is   quietly   given   a   top   job   at    ' Club   Fed '    prison    -    despite   Bill   Barr   ordering   him   assigned   to   a   lowly   desk   job
Both   men   remained   IDbehindbarsID   in   lieu   of    $ 100 , 000   bail   each .
“ I   am   glad   justice   has   been   done   and   that   Collins   is   IDbehindbarsID   where   he   belongs .
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
The   15 - minute   outburst   along   the   Marina   Coastal   Expressway   last   year   has   landed   Tan   Loong   Tze ,    32 ,    IDbehindbarsID   for   a   week .
A   veteran   Las   Vegas   defense   lawyer   and   activist   who   has   raised   concerns   about   a   potentially   deadly   contagion   at   the   usually   crowded   jail   said   he   thinks   there   are   unreported   virus   cases   IDbehindbarsID .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
A   sexual   sadist   and   killer   who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   more   than   36   years   for   killing   Julie   Ann   Muirhead   is   set   to   be   freed   from   prison .
“ The   psychological   impact   of   crimes   such   as   this   can   be   considerable   but   we   hope   today ' s   sentence   brings   some   degree   of   closure   now   that   Andoh   is   IDbehindbarsID    –    where   he   belongs .
Watertown   heroin   and   cocaine   dealer   to   spend   four   years   IDbehindbarsID
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
His   vile   behaviour   of   harassment   only   continued   IDbehindbarsID .
Many   of   them   have   ended   up   back   IDbehindbarsID .
This   spate   of   illegal   acts   would   not   have   occurred   had   the   convicts   remained   where   they   belong :    IDbehindbarsID .
BOISE ,    Idaho    —    Hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   in   coronavirus   relief   payments   have   been   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   United   States ,    and   now   the   IRS   is   asking   state   officials   to   help   claw   back   the   cash   that   the   federal   tax   agency   says   was   mistakenly   sent .
N3   bus   crash :    Accused   truck   driver   to   spend   Xmas   IDbehindbarsID
WICHITA   FALLS    ( KFDX / KJTL )     —    A   Texas   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   admitted   to   police   that    " I   raped   my   best   friend "  .
Given   what   we   know   about   his   life   and   crimes   before   he   went   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   idea   that   the   intervening   five   years   between   Campbell ’ s   2008   sentencing   and   the   2013   commencement   of   his   legal   fight   to   get   the   state   of   Wisconsin   to   pay   for   his   gender   reassignment   surgery   made   him   functional   enough   would   be   risible   if   it   weren ’ t   so   infuriating .
N3   bus   crash :    Accused   truck   driver   to   spend   Xmas   IDbehindbarsID
The   proposals   include   the   ability   to   keep   individuals   convicted   of   terror   offenses   IDbehindbarsID   for   life ,    electronic   surveillance   of   people   convicted   of   terror - related   offenses   upon   release   and   criminalizing   religiously   motivated   political   extremism .
Ultimately ,    Marston   struck   a   plea   deal   which   allowed   him   to   take   part   in   anger - management   sessions   rather   than   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   or   on   probation .
Proposals   include   the   ability   to   keep   individuals   convicted   of   terror   offenses   IDbehindbarsID   for   life ,    electronic   surveillance   of   people   convicted   of   terrorism - related   offenses   upon   release ,    and   criminalizing   religiously   motivated   political   extremism .
I   would   assume   that   Max   will   FINALLY   be   spending   a   good   amount   of   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Critics   have   accused   Gardner   of   wasting   time   and   money   on   high - profile   cases   rather   than   doing   more   to   put   killers   IDbehindbarsID .
The   23 - year - old   also   spent   two   years   IDbehindbarsID    " after   pleading   guilty   to   assaulting   a   woman   and   breaking   her   teeth   in   2014 ,  "    according   to   Daily   News .
The   judge ,    Mr   Justice   Chamberlain ,    jailed   him   for   life   on   Friday ,    ordering   he   serve   a   minimum   term   of   34   years   IDbehindbarsID .
An   NSPCC   spokesperson   said :     ‘ While   no   prison   sentence   will   bring   Georgia   back ,    we   hope   her   family   is   receiving   the   support   they   need   and   find   some   solace   in   knowing   Jenkins   is   now   IDbehindbarsID .
TX   Supreme   Court   orders   comptroller   to   pay   Alfred   Brown   for   time   he   spent   IDbehindbarsID
title :     " Lori   Loughlin   will   serve   just   two   months   in   prison   and   her   husband   Mossimo   Giannulli   will   serve   five   months   for   bribing   college   officials   to   get   their   daughters   into   school   after   taking   a   plea   deal   to   avoid   spending   40   years   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
BOSTON    ( AP )     -  -    A   Massachusetts   man   who   spent   34   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   killing   he   maintains   he   did   not   commit   has   been   freed   while   the   courts   determine   whether   he   should   get   a   new   trial .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    A   New   York   woman   nicknamed    " Black   Widow "    for   the   bespoke   funereal   clothes   she   wore   at   the   trial   for   her   estranged   husband ' s   killing   will   be   paroled   next   month   after   12   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   has   graduated   from   adult   education   while   IDbehindbarsID   and   is   willing   to   agree   to   home   confinement   and   GPS   monitoring ,    Brass   said .
The   news   from   Florida ’ s   most   ignored   hotbed   of   COVID - 19   is   getting   worse :    IDbehindbarsID ,    and   away   from   society ,    the   coronavirus   is   spreading   like   a   California   wildfire .
Society   shouldn ’ t   think   COVID - 19   will   remain   locked   away   IDbehindbarsID .
California   court   reverses   Scott   Peterson ' s   death   penalty   as   it ' s   ruled   trial   judge   made    ' significant '    errors    -    but   killer   must   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   2002   murder   of   his   wife   and   unborn   child    *  [ HMCI ]  :    Her   Majesty ' s   Chief   Inspector
But   with   Kelly   IDbehindbarsID ,    it ' s   a   dark   mark   on   Aaliyah ' s   career   that   her   only   available   music   is   tainted   by   his   legacy ;    for   now ,    muting   R .    Kelly   means   muting   Aaliyah ,    too .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
The   estranged   former   partner   of   Childers   backpacker   murderer   Robert   Paul   Long   has   vowed   she   will    “ never   give   up   trying   to   keep   the   monster ”    IDbehindbarsID .
If   the   judge   accepts   their   plea   deals ,    Loughlin   will   be   sentenced   to   two   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   Giannulli   will   get   five   months .
Speaking   this   morning   on   ITV ’ s   Lorraine ,    Wilcox   spoke   about   her   arrival   on   the   cobbles   and   the   part   that   she   will   play   in   helping   Yasmeen   Nazir    ( Shelley   King )    who   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   for   attacking   Geoff .
From   1991   through   1995 ,    the   ratio   was   more   than   13   blacks   imprisoned   for   every   white   defendant   locked   IDbehindbarsID .  "
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hilary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hilary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID
The   offence   carries   a   maximum   penalty   of   life   IDbehindbarsID .
The   tight - knit   group   is   a   family   of   sorts ,    he   and   others   say ,    kids   who   have   grown   up   together   IDbehindbarsID ,    helping   each   other   pull   through   the   darkest   times ,    including   the   death   of   Burrell ' s   mother ,    who   died   in   a   car   accident   shortly   after   his   imprisonment .
The   tight - knit   group   is   a   family   of   sorts ,    kids   who   have   grown   up   together   IDbehindbarsID ,    helping   each   other   pull   through   the   darkest   times ,    including   his   mother ' s   death .
At   the   time ,    he   said ,    a   death   sentence   felt   as   though   it   would   be   less   cruel   than   life   IDbehindbarsID .
Luis   Eduardo   Lopez   was   sentenced   to   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Carl   Reed ,    who   served   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    had   his   sentenced   commuted   by   Pritzker .
In   1979 ,    dubious   psychological   techniques   were   used   to   put   a   teenager   IDbehindbarsID   for   life .
His   friend   who   drove   their   car   the   night   of   the   shooting   has   also   avoided   more   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Surrenders   for   Year   IDbehindbarsID
Apparently   never   having   heard   that   secrets   on   soaps   are   both   bad   for   a   marriage   and   as   likely   to   come   out   as   May   flowers   after   those   April   showers ,    Eli   hopes   to   keep   Lani   from   finding   out   that   he ' s   the   reason   her   best   friend   is   IDbehindbarsID .
We   are   tired   of   seeing   our   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID '  :    Calls   to   reopen   Waverly   murder   case   grow   louder    |    8News
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
She   learned   the   only   way   to   get   away   from   her   trafficker   was   to   sit   IDbehindbarsID .
We   are   tired   of   seeing   our   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID '  :    Calls   to   reopen   Waverly   murder   case   grow   louder
He   was   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    without   bond .
Small ,    who   pleaded   guilty   to   14   counts   of   dishonestly   obtaining   a   financial   advantage   by   deception   over   the   hay   bale   scam ,    will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   before   he   is   sentenced   in   March .
Huffman   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   last   year   after   admitting   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
Brown   faced   a   maximum   of   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Gates   this   week   entered   an   Alford   plea   to   voluntary   manslaughter   and   armed   robbery   in   a   negotiated   deal   that   would   get   him   freed   with   credit   for   the   time   he   already   had   served   IDbehindbarsID .
On   Friday ,    London ' s   Metropolitan   Police   announced   that   Watts   had   been   sentenced   to   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   incidents   involving   four   girls .
Metro :    Suspect   IDbehindbarsID   after   running   into   local   bar
BIRMINGHAM ,    Ala .     ( AP )     -  -    An   Alabama   county   is   preserving   what ' s   left   of   the   lockup   where   officials   say   Martin   Luther   King   Jr .    served   his   final   time   IDbehindbarsID   just   months   before   his   assassination .
" After   all ,    some   of   these   murders   wouldn ' t   have   been   committed   had   the   perpetrator   already   been   IDbehindbarsID .  "
The   county   is   taking   steps   to   preserve   the   old   county   jail ,    where   officials   say   King   served   his   final   stint   IDbehindbarsID   in   1967   about   five   months   before   his   assassination .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
BIRMINGHAM ,    Ala .     ( AP )     —    An   Alabama   county   is   preserving   what ' s   left   of   the   lockup   where   officials   say   Martin   Luther   King   Jr .    served   his   final   time   IDbehindbarsID   just   months   before   his   assassination .
Metro :    Suspect   IDbehindbarsID   after   running   into   local   bar    |    KLAS    -    8   News   Now
BIRMINGHAM ,    Ala .     -    A   district   in   Alabama   keeps   what   is   left   of   the   lock - up ,    where   officials   say   Martin   Luther   King   Jr .    his   last   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    just   a   few   months   before   his   murder .
To   walk   a   mile   in   Dennis   Perry ' s   shoes   is   to   experience   a   level   of   injustice   best   reserved   for   nightmares ,    say   those   who   spent   years   helping   the   Georgia   man   walk   away   from   nearly   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   double   murder   conviction .
Audio   of   that   conversation   was   released   by   APD   in   February   2019 ,    Wall   can   be   heard   telling   Anam ,     " You ' re   going   to   be   spending   the   rest   of   your   life   IDbehindbarsID .  "
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
The   U . S .    Department   of   Justice   said   Robert   Courtney   will   be   moved   to   a   halfway   house   this   week   after   spending   less   than   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   drug   scandal   that   made   national   news .
Immigrant   children   held   by   ICE   will   be   eligible   for   release   on   Friday ,    after   a   federal   judge   ruled   in   June   the   US   government   must   release   children   held   in   three   family   detention   centres   that   hold   roughly   335   people   by   mid - July ,    citing   dangers   of   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
HARRISON   COUNTY ,    Texas    ( KTAL )     —    An   East   Texas   man   accused   of   having   drugs   and   a   gun   in   his   home   is   IDbehindbarsID   following   an   investigation   by   the   Harrison   County   Sheriff ’ s   Office   Narcotics   Unit .
Scots   murderer   IDbehindbarsID   for   45   years   reveals   he   still   gets   given   methadone
Ramos   could   get   anywhere   between   no   time   IDbehindbarsID   and   up   to   30   years   when   the   judge   sentences   her   in   May ,    Traini   said .
Social   media   prank   lands   5   IDbehindbarsID   in   Texarkana
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
How   Leonard    ' Nipper '    Read   did   what   no - one   else   could   do    -    put   the   Kray   twins   IDbehindbarsID
Cohen ’ s   release   comes   as   prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
Prosecutors   had   sought   life   in   prison ,    while   a   defence   lawyer   told   the   judge   Raniere   should   face   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Prosecutors   had   sought   life   in   prison ,    while   a   defense   lawyer   told   the   judge   Raniere   should   face   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Former   FIFA   number   two   Jerome   Valcke   and   Paris   Saint - Germain   president   Nasser   Al - Khelaifi   will   discover   Friday   if   their   roles   in   the    " Fifagate "    scandal ,    regarding   alleged   corruption   in   the   allocation   of   World   Cup   TV   rights ,    are   damning   enough   to   land   them   a   stretch   IDbehindbarsID .
title :     " Lori   Loughlin   will   serve   just   two   months   in   prison   and   her   husband   Mossimo   Giannulli   will   serve   five   months   for   bribing   college   officials   to   get   their   daughters   into   school   after   taking   a   plea   deal   to   avoid   spending   40   years   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
“ Full   House ”    actress   Lori   Loughlin   has   agreed   to   serve   two   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   her   fashion   designer   husband ,    Mossimo   Giannulli ,    has   agreed   to   serve   five   months   as   part   of   a   deal   to   plead   guilty   to   cheating   the   college   admissions   process ,    according   to   court   papers   filed   Thursday .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
Wilson   was   not   scheduled   for   release   until   2049 ,    according   to   IDOC   records ,    while   Harrington   was   scheduled   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   until   2032 .
Wilson   was   not   scheduled   for   release   until   2049 ,    according   to   IDOC   records ,    while   Harrington   was   scheduled   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   until   2032 .
More   than   25 , 000   inmates   have   been   infected   and   about   350   have   died   nationwide    —    from   Rikers   Island   in   New   York   City   to   federal ,    state ,    and   local   lockups   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
Longtime   local   FBI   investigator   retires   after   putting   over   1 , 000   child   predators   IDbehindbarsID
There   are   fans   that   will   defend   their   favorite   actors   to   the   end ,    much   as   the   lawyers   will ,    so   long   as   payments   are   made ,    but   now   and   again   it   feels   worth   it   to   point   out   that   fame   and   fortune   have   managed   to   save   several   actors   and   high - profile   celebrities   that   otherwise   should   have   been   spending   a   good   amount   of   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   this   would   be   the   punishment   levied   against   someone   that ' s   not   famous   or   rich   enough   to   hire   a   private   attorney   to   champion   their   less   than   noble   cause .
But   I ’ m   supportive   and   IDbehindbarsID   that   are   cognizant   of   the   challenges   of   keeping   their   staff   and   patrons   safe   and   who   are   desperately   trying   to   stay   alive .
Put   people   who   disregard   the   rules   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   don ’ t   kill   all   bars !
Both   their   mother   and   her   husband   are   IDbehindbarsID .
BOISE ,    Idaho    ( AP )     —    Hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   in   coronavirus   relief   payments   have   been   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   United   States ,    and   now   the   IRS   is   asking   state   officials   to   help   claw   back   the   cash   that   the   federal   tax   agency   says   was   mistakenly   sent .
IRS   tries   to   claw   back   hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   in   coronavirus   relief   payments   they   say   were   mistakenly   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   US
IRS   tries   to   claw   back   hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   in   coronavirus   relief   payments   they   say   were   mistakenly   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   US
On   June   9 ,    the   Seoul   Central   District   Court   rejected   the   prosecution ' s   request   to   put   Lee   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   further   probe   into   the   case .
So   far ,    no   one   has   been   charged   with   killing   the   kids ,    who   had   not   been   seen   since   September ,    but   the   Daybells   are   both   IDbehindbarsID .
BOISE ,    Idaho    ( AP )     —    Hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   in   coronavirus   relief   payments   have   been   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   United   States ,    and   now   the   IRS   is   asking   state   officials   to   help   claw   back   the   cash   that   the   federal   tax   agency   says   was   mistakenly   sent .
Donald   Trump   Jr .    poses   with   AR - 15   rifle   featuring   images   of   Hillary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   Jerusalem    ' crusader '    cross ,    but   spokesman   claims   it ' s   NOT   a   statement   about   his   father ' s   clash   with   Iran ' s   Islamist   regime
It   will   be   up   to   New   York   Judge   James   Burke   to   determine   just   how   long   the   67 - year - old   will   be   IDbehindbarsID .
Mr   Simpson   spent   the   night   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   refused   bail   and   will   appear   before   Burwood   Local   Court   on   Friday .
Mr   Simpson   spent   the   night   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   refused   bail   and   will   appear   before   Burwood   Local   Court   on   Friday .
His   lawyers   said   the   time   Sarao   spent   in   jail   in   Britain   was    " unbearable "    because   of   his   autism ,    saying   it   amounted   to    " a   torture   of   sensory   stimulation ,    sleep   deprivation   and   forced   socialization ,  "    and   that   he   became   suicidal   And   they   said   they   were   concerned   that   Sarao   may   not   be   able   to   survive   another   stint   IDbehindbarsID .
Abi   already   has   a   prison   record   and   would   end   up   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    so   Ray   tries   to   exploit   Kevin ’ s   feelings   for   her   by   claiming   he   won ’ t   report   her   to   the   police   if   he   hands   over   the   garage .
Former   nightclub   owner   Adam   Freeman   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   caught   with   prescription   drugs   and   allegedly   trashing   a   hotel   room .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
Esmaili   last   year   became   the   first   Victorian   sentenced   under   one - punch   laws   and   is   currently   serving   a   minimum   10   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Following   his   conviction   in   February ,    Broughton ,    from   Enfield ,    was   sentenced   to   eight   and   a   half   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Esmaili   last   year   became   the   first   Victorian   sentenced   under   one - punch   laws   and   is   currently   serving   a   minimum   10   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Police   said   suspects   were   jailed   despite   a   local   court   policy   calling   for   most   people   accused   of   misdemeanor   crimes   to   receive   court   summonses   instead   of   time   IDbehindbarsID   to   help   prevent   the   spread   of   the   new   coronavirus .
So   Martinez   sat   down   and   penned   a   letter   to   more   than   300   elected   officials    -    including   Georgia   Governor   Brian   Kemp    -    urging   them   to   take   action   by   reducing   the   number   of   prisoners   IDbehindbarsID   during   the   pandemic .
If   convicted ,    she   could   face   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID
( WLOX )     -    A   Long   Beach   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   authorities   say   they   found   drugs   on   him   during   a   search   outside   the   driver ’ s   license   station   in   Biloxi   this   week . According   to   Mississippi   Highway   Patrol ,    42 - year - old   Raymond   Croke   was   arrested   in   the   parking   lot   of   the   Troop   K   substation   in   Biloxi   after   a   search   netted   drugs ,    a   gun ,    and   paraphernalia .
During   sentencing ,    Ansberry ' s   lawyers   argued   he   should   only   serve   about   two   years   in   prison    -  -    the   time   he   had   already   spent   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   time .
SAN   DIEGO    ( CNS )     -    A   44 - year - old   man   and   a   43 - year - old   woman   were   IDbehindbarsID   Thursday   morning   on   suspicion   of   stealing   alcohol   from   a   store   in   the   Mountain   View   area .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
Bossier   City   man   IDbehindbarsID   on   theft   charges
Also ,    because   they ' re   spending   less   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    they ' re   spending   less   time   around   other   criminals .
Now   she ’ s   fighting   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID
Tulare   homicide   suspect   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   receive   tip   she   was   hiding   out   in   Mexico
The   court   nightmare   has   finally   ended   for   Phillip   Donaldson ’ s   family   with   his   killer   IDbehindbarsID   for   causing   his   death .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
They   deplored   that   Mir   Shakil - ur - Rahman   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   last   231   days   in   a   case   which   was   based   on   cooked - up   charges .
But   despite   these   cases   being   shelved ,    Shahbaz   is   still   IDbehindbarsID   just   to   give   PTI   a   free   hand   to   continue   looting   the   country ,    she   concluded .
In   response   to   the   resurgence   of   COVID - 19   outbreaks   in   Australia ' s   southern   states ,    the   state   government   this   month   announced   harsher   penalties   for   those   in   breach   of   the   COVID - 19   health   directives ,    including   a   penalty   of   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
ONE   man ,    who   repeatedly   attacked   his   own   daughter ,    will   spend   up   to   48   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Investigation   lands   2   Minden   men   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   child   pornography
Meanwhile ,    at   least   76   journalists   and   other   media   workers   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   The   Journalists ’    Union   of   Turkey .
Investigation   lands   2   Minden   men   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   child   pornography
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   with   inmates
The   Alabama   Department   of   Corrections   said   in   a   statement   that   is   has   taken   multiple   steps   to   combat   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
A   young   woman   charged   with   four   offences ,    including   trying   to   ram   another   car   off   the   road ,    will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   with   inmates
More   than   1 , 000   people   age   65   and   older   are   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   prisons .
They   argue   that   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet   away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Through   many   efforts ,    including   our   Georgia   Anti - Gang   Network ,    statewide   law   enforcement   officials   are   stepping   up   to   curb   this   syndicated   behavior ,    and   it   is   important   to   note   that   these   efforts   do   more   than   put   bad   actors   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    they   can   potentially   save   lives .
Raniere   faces   15   years   to   life   IDbehindbarsID .
After   an   unforgettable   and   chaotic   manhunt ,    law   enforcement   and   neighbors   say   they ' re   relieved   Benton   is   now   IDbehindbarsID .
GWANDA :    Rapist   to   spend   15   years   IDbehindbarsID
A   convicted   rapist   from   Maphisa   in   Matabeleland   South   province   will   serve   an   effective   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   raping   his   cousin ,    aged   13 .
The   soap   star   had   been   planning   to   marry   Dave ,    who   had   served   seven   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   drugs   conviction .
Earlier   this   year ,    Holder   announced   a   sweeping   plan   to   open   the   clemency   process   to   nonviolent   inmates   who   had   served   at   least   10   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    mostly   for   drug   crimes   in   the   1980s   and   1990s   for   which   Congress   has   since   dialed   back   lengthy   prison   terms .
Teacher   caught   in   VPD   sex   sting   makes   deal   to   avoid   time   IDbehindbarsID
While   he   was   still   IDbehindbarsID   he   was   convicted   of   three   more   crimes :    communicating   threats ,    assault   on   a   female   and   injury   to   personal   property   of   more   than    $ 200 .
He   also   described   feeling   hopeless   while   stuck   IDbehindbarsID .
Evil   murderer   Donald   Graham   could   die   IDbehindbarsID   as    ' Helen ' s   Law '    moves   step   closer   to   being   passed
Together   their   chemistry   is   palpable   and   it ’ s   the   ultimate   TV   bromance    ( Ant   and   Dec   are   great ,    but   how   many   criminals   have   they   put   IDbehindbarsID ?
Of   course   it ’ s   not   the   first   drama   about   women   IDbehindbarsID    ( bring   back   Bad   Girls !  )
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
This   month ,    Mahmoud   Hussein   will   complete   four   years   IDbehindbarsID    –    the   longest   pre - trial   detention   of   any   Egyptian   journalist   currently   awaiting   a   hearing .
He   said ,     “ We   will   never   stop   until   all   wanted   person   will   be   arrested   and   put   them   IDbehindbarsID   since   it   is   our   mandate   to   enforce   the   law ,    ensure   the   safety   of   other   people   that   may   be   possible   victim   if   they   will   not   be   arrested   and   give   justice   to   the   victim .  ”
He ' ll   get   credit   for   1   1 / 2   years   he ' s   already   spent   IDbehindbarsID .
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
A   federal   judge   in   Washington   had   delayed   the   December   execution   of   Montgomery ,    49 ,    because   her   lawyers   tested   positive   for   the   novel   coronavirus   after   visiting   her   IDbehindbarsID .
( Kenosha ,    WI )    After   being   IDbehindbarsID   in   two   states   since   August ,    Kyle   Rittenhouse   is   currently   free .
A   federal   judge   in   Washington   had   delayed   the   December   execution   of   Montgomery ,    49 ,    because   her   lawyers   tested   positive   for   the   novel   coronavirus   after   visiting   her   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
Killer   who   stabbed   90 - year - old   neighbour   to   death   must   serve   at   least   30   years   IDbehindbarsID
Even   if   he   had   been   granted   parole ,    Br ü ckner   would   have   remained   IDbehindbarsID .
The   details   emerged   as   Br ü ckner ’ s   application   for   parole   in   another   case   was   rejected   on   Thursday   and   judges   ruled   he   should   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
He   spent   14   months   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   released .
Man   facing   homicide   charges   was   IDbehindbarsID   less   than   48   hours   earlier
Glamorous   beauty   worker   now   back   IDbehindbarsID
There   are   roughly   1 . 5   million   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   U . S .
But   for   those   IDbehindbarsID   who   didn ' t   file   a   tax   return   in   2018   or   2019 ,    another   deadline   is   looming    -    they   have   until   Oct .    15   to   send   a   written   application   for   the   relief   checks ,    or   they   may   not   receive   them   at   all .
But   for   those   IDbehindbarsID   who   didn ' t   file   a   tax   return   in   2018   or   2019 ,    another   deadline   is   looming    —    they   have   until   Oct .    15   to   send   a   written   application   for   the   relief   checks ,    or   they   may   not   receive   them   at   all .
BOISE ,    Idaho    ( AP )     —    A   federal   judge   says   the   IRS   can ' t   keep   withholding   coronavirus   relief   payments   from   incarcerated   people ,    potentially   clearing   the   way   for   at   least   80 , 000   checks   totaling   more   than    $ 100   million   to   be   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   United   States .
There   are   roughly   1 . 5   million   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   U . S .
A   federal   judge   says   the   IRS   can \ u2019t   keep   withholding   coronavirus   relief   payments   from   incarcerated   people ,    potentially   clearing   the   way   for   at   least   80 , 000   checks   totaling   more   than    $ 100   million   to   be   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   United   States
A   federal   judge   says   the   IRS   can ’ t   keep   withholding   coronavirus   relief   payments   from   incarcerated   people ,    potentially   clearing   the   way   for   at   least   80 , 000   checks   totaling   more   than    $ 100   million   to   be   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   United   States .
BOISE ,    Idaho    ( AP )     -  -    A   federal   judge   says   the   IRS   can ' t   keep   withholding   coronavirus   relief   payments   from   incarcerated   people ,    potentially   clearing   the   way   for   at   least   80 , 000   checks   totaling   more   than    $ 100   million   to   be   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   United   States .
But   for   those   IDbehindbarsID   who   didn ' t   file   a   tax   return   in   2018   or   2019 ,    another   deadline   is   looming    -  -    they   have   until   Oct .    15   to   send   a   written   application   for   the   relief   checks ,    or   they   may   not   receive   them   at   all .
Living   IDbehindbarsID   is   expensive   for   inmates   and   their   families ,    Dermody   said .
Living   IDbehindbarsID   is   expensive   for   inmates   and   their   families ,    Dermody   said .
He   will   spend   considerable   time   IDbehindbarsID   upon   conviction .
8 - year - old   boy ' s   murderer   lands   IDbehindbarsID   because   of   spelling   mistakes .  .
As   a   result ,    Ms   Chamberlain   spent   more   than   three   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    despite   making   many   appeals .
TEXARKANA ,    Texas    ( KETK )     -    A   Texarkana   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   creating   a   fake   Facebook   post   that   falsely   said   there   had   been   a   case   of   coronavirus   confirmed   at   a   local   jail .
CHICAGO    —    R & B   singer   R .    Kelly   cited   the   novel   coronavirus   in   asking   a   federal   judge   Thursday   to   free   him   from   a   federal   jail   in   Chicago   as   he   awaits   trial   on   child   pornography   and   other   charges ,    a   court   filing   by   his   lawyers   saying   scant   precautions   to   stem   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   put   Kelly ' s   life   at   risk .
TEXARKANA ,    Texas    ( KETK )     -    A   Texas   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   creating   a   fake   Facebook   post   that   falsely   said   there   had   been   a   case   of   coronavirus   confirmed   at   a   local   jail .
Social   media   prank   lands   5   IDbehindbarsID   in   Texarkana
MILLEDGEVILLE ,    Georgia    ( 41NBC / WMGT )     -    A   man   wanted   for   a   Baldwin   County   murder   is   now   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
The   alternative   is   confining   men   within   a   space ,    IDbehindbarsID .
EastEnders '    horror   for   Callum   Highway   as   DI   Thompson   forces   him   to   create   evidence   to   put   Phil   Mitchell   IDbehindbarsID
Jonathan   Pollard ,    a   former   U . S .    Navy   intelligence   analyst ,    was   released   from   prison   after   30   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   spying   for   Israel .
His   wife   Lori   Loughlin   is   already   IDbehindbarsID .
His   defence   didn ' t   however ,    save   him   from   the   jaws   of   the   prison   when   the   magistrate   handed   him   a   package   of   30   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   crime .
Carter ,    who   was   indicted   by   a   Comal   County   grand   jury   in   April ,    has   gotten   global   attention   because   of   the   First   Amendment   questions   raised   by   his   case   and   the   high   bail   that   kept   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   nearly   five   months .
Pedophile ' s   Heinous   Crimes   Earned   Him   1 , 000   Years   IDbehindbarsID ,    But   State   Law   Is   Allowing   Him   To   Walk   Early
New   hot   project   gallereis ,    daily   updateshttp :  /  / blonde . porn . allproblog . com /  ? taryn   land   of   the   amazons   porn   rapidshare   beyonce   knowles   free   porn   girls   IDbehindbarsID   porn   dvd   british   movies   free   online   porn   virgiin   porn
Girls   IDbehindbarsID :    A   Historic   Wrong   and   the   Fight   to   End   It
Bay   Area   man   exonerated   after   17   years   IDbehindbarsID   sues   for   wrongful   conviction
He   was   eventually   extradited   to   the   United   States   where   after   a   plea   bargain   he   was   sentenced   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   ordered   to   pay   restitution .
There   are   several   other   laws   that   could   put   people   like   our   small   businessman   from   PoS   in   a   lot   of   expense ,    and   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   long   time .
Operation   Starstruck   puts   over   100   suspected   gang   members   and   fugitives   IDbehindbarsID
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
NFL   free   agent   Antonio   Brown   is   expected   to   appear   before   a   Florida   judge   in   bond   court   after   a   night   IDbehindbarsID .
While   Frank   may   have   managed   to   get   Thomas   Waldman ,    the   criminal   responsible   for   his   parents ’    death ,    IDbehindbarsID ,    it   has   left   a   mark   on   his   conscience    –    specifically ,    Frank   keeps   thinking   about   how   he   and   his   adoptive   sister   Sara   planted   drugs   on   Thomas ’    daughter   Therese ,    who   later   killed   herself   in   prison .
The   spokesman   added   some   conduct   the   CCC   had   identified   in   the   past   had   left   to   serious   criminal   charges   against   individuals   connected   to   local   governments ,    with   some   resulting   in   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Evarna   Koia   has   turned   her   life   around   since   being   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   a   growing   number   of   young   M ā ori   women   are   being   imprisoned .
Lawmakers   have   urged   the   release   of   low - level   offenders ,    and   Sen .    Cory   Booker ,    D - N . J .  ,    has   said   contracting   covid - 19   IDbehindbarsID    " is   tantamount   to   a   death   sentence .  "
Prosecutors   had   asked   for   nearly   four   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   sentence   will   be   suspended   after   10   months   have   been   served   IDbehindbarsID .
The   sentence   will   be   suspended   after   10   months   have   been   served   IDbehindbarsID .
The   former   Penthouse   cover   girl ,    also   known   as   Suellen   Jan   Taylor ,    is   IDbehindbarsID   after   she   was   arrested   at   Maroochydore   on   Saturday .
Therefore ,    the   price   control   magistrates   imposed   a   total   fine   of   Rs . 39 , 000 /  -    on   them   and   warned   to   send   them   IDbehindbarsID   if   they   did   not   mend   their   way   of   profiteering .
IDbehindbarsID   2 :    The   World ’ s   Toughest   Prisons    -    Colony   100 ,    Kharkiv ,    Ukraine    ( prison   documentary )
Nirbhaya   Convicts   Should   Be   Sent   IDbehindbarsID   For   Life ,    Not   Executed '  :    Kurian   Joseph ,    Ex   SC   Judge
The   76 - year - old   Mackay   man   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   but   a   judge   questioned   the   40 - year   delay   in   the   criminal   complaint
Burley   spent   seven   years   in   prison ,    while   Matthews   served   two - and - half   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Burley   spent   seven   years   in   prison ,    while   Matthews   served   two - and - half   years   IDbehindbarsID .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
Helmick ,    like   other   defense   lawyers ,    pointed   to   the   constitutional   ban   on   cruel   and   unusual   punishment ,    while   adding   that   an   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID   could   lead   to   valley   hospitals   being   overwhelmed   with   inmates .
Aidonia   DISS   Vybz   Kartel   And   Put   him   in   his   Place   From   IDbehindbarsID
ASBO   King   Saunders   Back   IDbehindbarsID   For   Breaching   Asbo   For   SIXTH   Time
In   Nicaragua ,    President   Daniel   Ortega   released   thousands   of   inmates   because   of   the   threat   posed   by   the   virus   but   kept   political   prisoners   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   in   Guyana ,    a   lockdown   thwarted   protests   against   the   government ’ s   attempt   to   stay   in   power   despite   having   lost   an   election .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
They   wanted   to   know   if   he   was   IDbehindbarsID   and   if   he   was   allowed   access   to   a   cell   phone   or   the   internet .
The   virus   has   been   rampant   in   prisons   and   jails   across   the   country ,    and   U . S .    Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
The   virus   has   been   rampant   in   prisons   and   jails   across   the   country ,    and   U . S .    Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
But   for   marine   mammals   in   cramped   tanks ,    elephants   in   chains   and   primates   IDbehindbarsID ,    lockdown   lasts   until   the   day   they   die .
Her   lawyers   want   a   judge   to   give   her   three   years '    probation   instead   of   prison   time ,    while   prosecutors   say   she   deserves   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    without   bond ,    and   has   been   suspended   with   pay .
He   was   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    without   bond .
Her   lawyers   want   a   judge   to   give   her   three   years '    probation   instead   of   prison   time ,    while   prosecutors   say   she   deserves   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
L . A .    County   releases   1 , 700   inmates   from   jail   early   to   prevent   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
A   babysitter   who   shot   up   oxycodone   and   injured   the   6 - month - old   she   was   supposed   to   be   caring   for   in   Pulaski   County   will   serve   two   years   and   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   judge   ruled   Tuesday .
DANBURY    -    A   self - described    " evangelist "    and   former   Stokes   County   Board   of   Elections   member   accepted   a   plea   deal   on   Wednesday   in   Judge   Angela   Puckett ' s   courtroom   which   will   likely   see   him   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
In   the   decision ,    U . S .    District   Judge   Paul   A .    Engelmayer   cited   his   asthma   and   the   greater   risk   he   would   face   IDbehindbarsID .
The   District   Attorney   announced   they   were   declining   to   retry   Sheila   Denton ,    after   a   judge   ruled   the   evidence   against   her   wasn ' t   enough   to   put   her   IDbehindbarsID .
She   has   a   new   reason   to   stay   out   from   IDbehindbarsID    -    to   be   there   for   her   daughter   Elizabeth .
She   has   a   new   reason   to   stay   out   from   IDbehindbarsID    -    to   be   there   for   her   daughter   Elizabeth .
A   program   at   the   Indiana   Women ' s   Prison   is   allowing   mothers   to   raise   their   babies   IDbehindbarsID .
A   program   at   the   Indiana   Women ' s   Prison   is   allowing   mothers   to   raise   their   babies   IDbehindbarsID .
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ’ s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID .
BRIDGEPORT    -  -    Keegan   Bowes   said   he   couldn ' t   understand   why   he   was   IDbehindbarsID   on   Friday .
IKEA   values   vs   Polish   traditions :    Manager   faces   up   to   two   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   firing   employee   opposing   pro - LGBT   event
Four   people   IDbehindbarsID   accused   of   kidnapping   in   Progreso .
Abu   Zaid   was   one   of   many   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   in   Egypt   amid   a   years -    long   crackdown   by   the   government   of   President   Abdel - Fattah   el - Sissi   on   the   media .
Abu   Zaid   was   one   of   many   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   in   Egypt   amid   a   years - long   crackdown   by   the   government   of   President   Abdel - Fattah   el - Sissi   on   the   media .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
At   this   point   there   have   been   no   reports   that   Ellis   received   any   sort   of   compensation   or   settlement   for   his   years   IDbehindbarsID .
If   NCB   enters    ' Bullywood '  ,    many   A - listers   would   be   IDbehindbarsID :    Kangana   Ranaut
New   Zealand ’ s   Deputy   Prime   Minister   has   called   for   mosque   shooter   Brenton   Tarrant   to   spend   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   in   Australia   so   his   victims ’    families   are   not   forced   to .  .  .
Kangana ,    who   is   vocal   about   her   opinions   on   the   Sushant   Singh   Rajput   death   case ,    on   Wednesday   made   a   remark   on   social   media   that    " if   Narcotics   Control   Bureau   enters   Bollywood    ( Bollywood )  ,    many   A - listers   will   be   IDbehindbarsID .  "
Sister   of   Madeleine   McCann   suspect ' s   ex   wants   paedo   to   die   IDbehindbarsID    -    Daily   Star
Saturday   Night   Live '    Goes   Inside   Bill   Cosby ' s   Delusional   Life   IDbehindbarsID
The   disorderly   conduct   charge   to   which   he   pleaded   guilty   carried   a   maximum   sentence   of   six   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   a    $ 1 , 000   fine .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
\ u0026mdash \ u003B   A   man   in   his   70s   has   died   IDbehindbarsID ,    almost   51 \ u002Dyears   after   receiving   a   life   sentence   for   a   double   murder   in   Ontario ,    two   sexual   assaults   and   several   other   offences .
Changes   need   to   be   made ,    and   people   need   to   be   IDbehindbarsID   for   their   actions .  .    Rest   In   Peace   George   Floyd .
You   know ,    this   couldn ' t   be   someone   who ' d   had   goals   for   herself   for   more   than   waiting   for   a   man   IDbehindbarsID .
He   will   be   eligible   for   parole   after   he   has   served   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   on   June   11 ,    2023 .
Lil   Wayne   Pleads   Guilty ,    Set   To   Get   Up   to   10   Years   IDbehindbarsID   Over   Gun   Possession
( KTAL / KMSS )     -    A   Shreveport   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   this   morning   after   being   charged   with   multiple   business   burglaries .
Man   sentenced   to   at   least   50   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   2018   crash   that   killed   mother ,    unborn   child
They   argued   in   their   brief   to   the   judge   that ,    among   other   things ,    the   coronavirus   pandemic   puts   his   life   at   risk   IDbehindbarsID .
A   man   convicted   of   leading   a   plot   to   behead   blogger   Pamela   Geller   on   behalf   of   the   Islamic   State   group   will   serve   even   longer   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   sentenced   for   a   second   time   Monday ,    Sept .    28 ,    2020   and   ordered   to   30   years   in   prison .
BOSTON    ( AP )     -  -    A   man   convicted   of   leading   a   plot   to   behead   blogger   Pamela   Geller   on   behalf   of   the   Islamic   State   group   will   serve   even   longer   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   sentenced   for   a   second   time   Monday   and   ordered   to   30   years   in   prison .
So ,    it   leads   to   these   huge   inequalities   in   terms   of   who   is   living   IDbehindbarsID   in   this   country .
In   December   Fiorito   installed   a   final   image   for   the   Trumocalypse   side   of   the   billboard :    the   soon - to - be - former   president   appears   in   an   orange   jumpsuit ,    IDbehindbarsID .
The   number   of   people   IDbehindbarsID   grew ,    but ,    without   access   to   federal   student   aid ,    higher   education   programs   in   America ' s   correctional   facilities   dwindled .
Even   with   serving   his   two   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    his   previous   actions   are   still   coming   back   to   haunt   him .
THE   CONVERSATION )    When   Congress   decided   in   1994   to   ban   federal   student   aid   for   people   IDbehindbarsID ,    it   was   part   of   a   wider   political   agenda   to    " get   tough   on   crime "     -    even   though   crime   rates   had   begun   to   fall   in   the   1990s .
THE   CONVERSATION )    When   Congress   decided   in   1994   to   ban   federal   student   aid   for   people   IDbehindbarsID ,    it   was   part   of   a   wider   political   agenda   to    " get   tough   on   crime "     \  -    even   though   crime   rates   had   begun   to   fall   in   the   1990s .
WARREN   CO .  ,    Va .     –    A   Herndon ,    Va .    woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   on   multiple   charges   after   she   fled   law   enforcement   Thursday    ( August   6 ,    2020 )  .
Joseph   DeAngelo ,    a   former   police   officer   who   has   admitted   to   carrying   out   dozens   of   rapes   and   13   murders   across   the   state   in   the   1970s   and   1980s ,    previously   agreed   to   a   plea   deal   that   spares   him   the   death   penalty ,    but   will   almost   certainly   result   in   his   spending   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID .
Those   who   are   taking   law   in   hands   should   be   IDbehindbarsID    @ islahmufti    @ ShujaUH    @ rifatabdullahh   pic . twitter . com / Tu02rO5OZZ
A   battery   conviction   has   landed   a   39 - year - old   Montegut   man   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
GREEN    ( News   Talk   1480   WHBC )     -    A   man   from   the   city   of   Green   is   IDbehindbarsID   on   multiple   charges   following   an   investigation   in   regards   to   illegal   gambling   an   drugs .
Police   say   a   motor   vehicle   stop   Sunday   evening   led   to   a   Hartford   man   being   IDbehindbarsID .
A   leading   human   rights   group   says   the   coronavirus   has   struck   several   Egyptian   prisons   and   killed   several   detainees ,    as   authorities   seek   to   stifle   news   of   the   virus ’ s   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
CAIRO    ( AP )     -  -    The   new   coronavirus   has   struck   several   Egyptian   prisons   and   killed   at   least   14   detainees ,    a   leading   human   rights   watchdog   said   Monday ,    as   authorities   seek   to   stifle   news   of   the   virus '    spread   IDbehindbarsID .
It   is   only   by   joining   forces   and   by   each   making   our   own   contribution   that   we   can   achieve   a   fairer   and   more   balanced   world   for   future   generations "     ,    says   Minister   Goffin ,     " a   world   in   which   the   executioners   are   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   victims   of   the   most   serious   crimes   against   humanity   are   finally   recognized ,    but   above   all   will   be   less   and   less   numerous "  .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
The   maximum   penalty   is   up   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   equals   the   punishable   maximum   allotment   already   in   effect   for   torching   the   German   flag .
WILKES - BARRE    -  -    A   city   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   say   he   threatened   to   shoot   an   individual   who   would   not   let   him   borrow   a   car .
Lopez   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   two   days   after   being   arrested   for   being   drunk   in   public   and   on   a   warrant   for   failing   to   appear   in   court   on   another   public   drunkenness   case ,    authorities   said .
After   nearly   three   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    an   infamous   South   Okanagan   criminal   will   soon   be   a   free   man .
TROY    -  -    An   elderly   Troy   man   remains   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   allegedly   stabbed   a   man   outside   of   his   home   on   Harrison   Street   around   10   a . m .    Saturday .
Lopez   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   two   days   after   being   arrested   for   being   drunk   in   public   and   on   a   warrant   for   failing   to   appear   in   court   on   another   public   drunkenness   case ,    authorities   said .
Drug   dealer   taken   off   streets   and   put   IDbehindbarsID    -    Lincolnshire   Live
Drug   dealer   taken   off   streets   and   put   IDbehindbarsID
A   man   who   previously   spent   time   IDbehindbarsID   for   child   porn   related   crimes   in   Penticton   has   again   been   charged   with   possession   of   child   pornography ,    in   a   different   city .
The   court   heard   Tu   had   experienced   traumatic   events   while   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   year   since   his   arrest   and   had   described   his   time   in   jail   as   a   wake - up   call .
He   previously   spent   291   days   IDbehindbarsID   in   2014   for   the   same   charges .
A   sex   offender   who   underwent   gender   reassignment   IDbehindbarsID   will   be   freed   from   prison   after   arguing   she   is   no   longer   a   risk   to   the   community    “ since   becoming   a .  .  .
MOORHEAD ,    Minn .     —    Two   individuals   who   committed   a    “ senseless   act   of   violence ”    that   took   a   Fargo   man ’ s   life   in   Moorhead   should   spend   the   rest   of   their   lives   IDbehindbarsID ,    his   family   said   Monday ,    Dec .    14 ,    as   the   defendants   were   sentenced .
INDIANAPOLIS    —    An   Indianapolis   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   and   charged   with   murder   following   a   deadly   shooting   two   months   ago   on   Indy ’ s   near   northeast   side .
It   pointed   to   his   age   at   the   time   of   the   crime ,    said   he   had   no   prior   record   and   that   he   behaved   well   IDbehindbarsID .
Mehmet   Ali   Agca    ( MEH '  - met   AH '  - lee   AH '  - juh )  ,    the   man   who   shot   and   seriously   wounded   Pope   John   Paul   II   in   1981 ,    emerged   from   a   prison   on   the   outskirts   of   Ankara ,    Turkey ,    after   more   than   29   years   IDbehindbarsID .
( WIAT )     —    A   former   pediatric   doctor   at   Children ' s   of   Alabama   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   concerned   parent   reported   inappropriate   electronic   communication   between   him   and   their   teenage   daughter .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
Narcotics   investigation   lands   two   IDbehindbarsID
Cohen   is   serving   the   majority   of   his   three - year   prison   sentence   in   home   confinement   after   a   coronavirus   outbreak   in   prisons   led   to   some   prisoners   without   a   violent   record   getting   out   from   IDbehindbarsID .
" As   much   as   everyone   would   like   a   killer   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID ,    life   isn ' t   like   that .
He   was   found   guilty   of   murder   and   spent   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   released   in   March .
And   while   223 , 780    " drug   personalities "    were   arrested   in   the   campaign ' s   first   three   years ,    it   is   not   clear   how   many   had   been   convicted ,    released   or   remained   IDbehindbarsID ,    it   said .
A   CAREER   criminal   with   nearly   200   previous   offences   on   his   record   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   his   latest   spree .
Rini ,    now   25 ,    was   initially   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   two   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Brian   Michael   Rini ,    now   25 ,    was   initially   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   two   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Rini ,    now   25 ,    was   initially   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   two   years   IDbehindbarsID .
" While   you   sit   IDbehindbarsID    …    we   are   surrounded   by   the   haunting   memories   of   what   happened .  "
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Jonathan   Pollard ,    a   former   U . S .    Navy   intelligence   analyst ,    was   released   from   prison   after   30   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   spying   for   Israel .
Death   Row   inmate ' s   notorious   friend   says   she   got   to   know   real   Lisa   Montgomery   IDbehindbarsID
" He   belongs   IDbehindbarsID   for   taking   4   innocent   lives .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
All   four   of   South   Korea ' s   living   former   presidents   are   either   IDbehindbarsID   or   have   served   jail   terms    -  -    often   as   a   result   of   investigations   begun   under   successors   who   are   political   rivals .
articleTitle :     ' Cancer   faker   Lucy   Wieland   from   Townsville   gives   birth   IDbehindbarsID   as   she   appeals   sentence '  ,
Magistrate   Judith   Daley   sentenced   Ruhland   to   four   months '    jail   and   he   was   released   on   parole   after   serving   five   and   a   half   weeks   IDbehindbarsID .
Lovato   and   Maestas ,    the   father   of   a   young   daughter ,    had   both   served   time   IDbehindbarsID .
If   convicted ,    the   Rices   could   both   be   sentenced   to   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   fined    $ 250 , 000   for   each    " conspiracy ,    tax   evasion   and   employment   tax   count ,  "    the   release   said .
Cancer   faker   Lucy   Wieland   from   Townsville   gives   birth   IDbehindbarsID   as   she   appeals   sentence
Through   many   efforts ,    including   our   Georgia   Anti - Gang   Network ,    statewide   law   enforcement   officials   are   stepping   up   to   curb   this   syndicated   behavior ,    and   it   is   important   to   note   that   these   efforts   do   more   than   put   bad   actors   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    they   can   potentially   save   lives .
Curtis   Miller ,    Ryan   Wilkins   face   decades   IDbehindbarsID   for   teen ' s   slaying
Cancer   faker   Lucy   Wieland   from   Townsville   gives   birth   IDbehindbarsID   as   she   appeals   sentence    |    Daily   Mail   Online
Shreveport   man   IDbehindbarsID   for   felony   theft
This   isn ’ t   the   place   he   was   really   held ,    with   Nilsen   spending   the   bulk   of   his   time   IDbehindbarsID   at   HM   Jail   Full   Sutton .
Being   his   final   residing   house   earlier   than   a   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    23   Cranley   Gardens   options   prominently   in   Des .
The   military   is   holding   them   IDbehindbarsID   in   barracks   northeast   of   the   country   where   the   conflict   perpetrated   by   the   Islamist   terror   group   has   raged   for   more   than   a   decade .
-  -    A   West   Monroe   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   is   accused   of   sexually   assaulting   two   juvenile   girls .
Lawyers   who   went   to   police   stations   to   enquire   about   those   detained   were   themselves   put   IDbehindbarsID   in   UP ,  "    he   added .
" Tonight   let ' s   talk   about   a   few   things :    Why   the   coronavirus   has   spread   so   rapidly   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   impact   that   has   on   absolutely   everyone ,    and   what   we   can   and   should   be   doing   about   it ,  "    Oliver   said .
But   among   other   things ,    he   said ,    because   about   445 , 000   people   work   at   prisons    —    at   least   9 , 100   of   them   have   contracted   COVID - 19    —    and   jails   are   revolving   COVID - 19   incubators ,     " coronavirus   doesn ' t   stay   IDbehindbarsID ,    it   travels   easily .  "
South   Africa :    Alleged   Hijacking   Suspect   IDbehindbarsID    -    allAfrica . com
A   man   who   spent   nearly   three   decades   IDbehindbarsID ,    most   of   them   on   death   row ,    after   he   was   convicted   at   his   second   trial   of   killing   a   4 - year -    old   girl   in   Philadelphia   was   released   on   Friday   after   prosecutors   concluded   he   very   likely   did   not   do   it .
A   man   who   spent   nearly   three   decades   in   IDbehindbarsID ,    most   of   them   on   death   row ,    after   he   was   convicted   at   his   second   trial   of   killing   a   4 - year - old   girl   in   Philadelphia   was   released   Friday   after   prosecutors   concluded   he   very   likely   did   not   do   it .
South   Africa :    Alleged   Hijacking   Suspect   IDbehindbarsID
Modi   has   made   repeated   attempts   at   bail   but   remains   IDbehindbarsID   as   he   is   deemed   a   flight   risk .
He   is   still   serving   his   sentence ,    but   was   furloughed   to   house   arrest   as   part   of   a   program   to   reduce   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
He   is   still   serving   his   sentence ,    but   was   furloughed   to   house   arrest   as   part   of   a   program   to   reduce   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
John   E .    Douglas   of   the   FBI ’ s   Investigative   Support   Unit ,    whose   interviewing   skills   perhaps   surpassed   even   those   of   Turrou ,    patiently   listened   to   Charles   Manson   and   many   other   psychopaths   who   were   IDbehindbarsID .
" Good   he   has   trained ,    but   can ' t   help   seeing   him   IDbehindbarsID   or   as   a   burger   flipper .
SAN   DIEGO    ( CNS )     -    A   22 - year - old   man   was   IDbehindbarsID   Friday   on   suspicion   of   robbing   a   smoke   shop   at   knifepoint ,    police   said .
Lai ,    73 ,    appeared   in   court   on   Wednesday   after   being   kept   IDbehindbarsID   since   December   3 .
The   media   mogul   had   been   kept   IDbehindbarsID   since   December   3   over   suspicions   of   fraud   and   colluding   with   foreign   forces .
Irizarry   faces   potentially   decades   IDbehindbarsID ,    though   no   immediate   date   was   set   for   his   sentencing .
“ I   want   the   culprits   IDbehindbarsID .
And   although   he   oversaw   hundreds   of   investigations   that   put   mobsters ,    scam   artists ,    arsonists ,    drug   dealers   and   other   criminals   IDbehindbarsID ,    Mr .    Williams   took   no   joy   from   sending   people   to   jail ,    according   to   his   wife   of   53   years ,    the   former   Patricia   Ingavo .
If   convicted ,    Langston   faces   up   to   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hilary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID    |    WKRN   News   2
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hilary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hilary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID    |    KRON4
Donald   Trump   Jr .    poses   with   AR - 15   rifle   featuring   images   of   Hillary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID   and   Jerusalem    ' crusader '    cross   but   spokesman   says   it ' s   NOT   a   statement   about   his   father ' s   angry   clash   with   Iran ' s   Islamist   regime
Amish   brothers ,    22   and   18 ,    who   admitted   they   and   their   two   younger   siblings   had   sex   with   their   13 - year - old   sister   and   got   her   pregnant   AVOID   jail   time   because   they   would    ' be   eaten   alive '    IDbehindbarsID
In   a   clever   twist ,    Belle   put   Jamie   IDbehindbarsID
Bell   was   sentenced   to   three   years '    jail ,    but   will   be   released   from   prison   after   serving   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
IDbehindbarsID :    a   visit   to   an   imprisoned   Catalan   politician
Sam   says   although   he ' s   no   longer   facing   a   murder   charge ,    he ' s   still   fighting   to   get   his   health   back   after   spending   time   in   IDbehindbarsID .
With   his   trial   now   done   and   Stone   facing   40   months   IDbehindbarsID   if   he   is   not   pardoned ,    the   Justice   Department   last   week   said   it   could   re - release   the   report   with   fewer   redactions   related   to   Stone .
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
Meanwhile ,    convicted   drug   mule   Renae   Lawrence   has   pleaded   with   the   PM   to   urge   the   Indonesian   president   to   show   leniency   on   five   members   of   the   Bali   Nine   who   are   still   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -    A   federal   judge   in   New   York   on   Tuesday   denied   R & B   singer   R .    Kelly ’ s   request   for   release   from   jail   in   Chicago   because   he   was   concerned   he   could   contract   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Coronavirus   kills   Illinois   inmate   IDbehindbarsID   for   boy ' s   murder    |    Fox   News
Judge   in   NY   says   R .    Kelly   must   stay   IDbehindbarsID   despite   coronavirus   threat
The   Palestinian   Detainees   and   Ex - Detainees   Affairs   Commission   says   nearly   200   Palestinian   children   are   kept   IDbehindbarsID   in   Israeli   prisons   in   inhumane   conditions ,    undergoing    " very   rough   interrogation   process   and   torture .  "
Franzen ’ s   family   said   his   health   was   deteriorating   while   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   last   nine   months   and   noted   that   he   didn ' t   receive   proper   medical   care .
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ' s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID .
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ’ s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID .
I   play   a   police   officer   and   I   enjoy   beating   up   gangsters ,    putting   them   IDbehindbarsID .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
Under   the   Government ' s   proposal ,    ministers   could   be   thrown   IDbehindbarsID   for   up   to   two   years   if   they   intentionally   fail   to   disclose   a   conflict   of   interest   or   do   not   update   their   register   of   interests   in   time .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
“ So ,    95 %    of   the   2 . 5   million   people   IDbehindbarsID   will   release   out .
The   majority   of   people   IDbehindbarsID   are   not   violent   felons ,  ”    Glover   said .
You   made   this   FIR   only   to   put   me   IDbehindbarsID .
The   court   said   in   a   statement   Monday   that   judges   ruled   that   Bemba    " failed   to   establish   that   he   had   suffered   a   grave   and   manifest   miscarriage   of   justice "    and   therefore   rejected   his   request   for   compensation   for   his   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Nevada   federal   prisoner   alleges   pandemic   mishandled   IDbehindbarsID
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
If   convicted ,    the   charges   carry   a   sentence   of   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
After   23   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    this   was   the   moment   when   Michael   Plummer   became   a   free   man .
When   you ' re   meeting   a   young   person   for   the   first   time   who   might   be   facing   a   very   long   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    what ' s   that   conversation   like   initially ?
An   early   morning   crash   has   a   woman   IDbehindbarsID   Sunday   night   in   Joplin
He   should   still   be   IDbehindbarsID .  "
( AP )     —    A   Nebraska   prisoner   who   convinced   a   judge   to   throw   out   his   first - degree   murder   conviction   and   order   his   release   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   after   the   state   Supreme   Court   overturned   that   ruling   on   Friday .
title :     " Amish   brothers ,    22   and   18 ,    who   admitted   they   and   their   two   younger   siblings   had   sex   with   their   13 - year - old   sister   and   got   her   pregnant   AVOID   jail   time   because   prosecutors   feared   they   would    ' be   eaten   alive '    IDbehindbarsID "  ,
" What   can   land   you   IDbehindbarsID   is   not   following   the   order   of   the   governor ,    and   the   order   of   the   governor   is   to   stay   home   unless   you   are   part   of   an   essential   service ,  "    Weirich   said .
Crimean   blockade   organizer   sentenced   in   absentia   to   19   years   IDbehindbarsID    |    Russian   Legal   Information   Agency    ( RAPSI )  .
They   remain   IDbehindbarsID   after   refusing   bail   conditions   that   meant   the   two   men   could   not   attend   today ' s   protest .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
A   Nanango   woman   has   avoided   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   assaulting   her   children ,    including   suffocating   one   boy   with   a   bag   of   meat   and   choking   another .
They   argue   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID . Paul   Manafort   arrives   in   court   on   Thursday ,    June   27 ,    2019 ,    in   New   York .
Poacher   who   killed   rare   silverback   gorilla   Rafiki   gets   11   years   IDbehindbarsID
Turkey   is   granting   amnesty   to   90 , 000   detainees ,    but   jailed   journalists   and   political   prisoners   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Columbus   man   remains   IDbehindbarsID   without   bond   facing   a   murder   charge .
IKEA   values   vs   Polish   traditions :    Manager   faces   up   to   two   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   firing   employee   opposing   pro - LGBT   event
Normally ,    the   US   government   has   to   make   the   case   as   to   why   a   person   who   has   been   detained    -    but   not   convicted    -    should   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Dozens   of   public   homes   could   be   sitting   empty   for   about   three - and - a - half   months   at   a   time   while   their   tenants   serve   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Murder   plea   in   shooting   puts   Winston - Salem   man   IDbehindbarsID   for   at   least   14   years
Robert   Ouko   Bodo   and   Chris   Obure   are   both   IDbehindbarsID   waiting   for   mental   assessment ,    after   the   DPP   said   there   is   sufficient   evidence   to   charge   them   with   murder .
He   was   convicted   and   served   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID   but   still   maintains   his   innocence .
VISTA ,    Calif .     ( AP )     -  -    A   73 - year - old   Southern   California   woman   who   has   spent   nearly   two   decades   in   prison   for   killing   her   husband   will   be   released   while   fighting   her   conviction   because   her   health   may   be   at   risk   from   the   coronavirus   if   she   remains   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   judge   ruled .
JACKSONVILLE ,    Florida    ( KETK )     -    A   Florida   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   on   murder   charges   after   being   stopped   for   not   following   social   distancing   rules .
He   was   convicted   and   served   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID   but   still   maintains   his   innocence .
VISTA ,    Calif .     ( AP )     -  -    A   73 - year - old   Southern   California   woman   who   has   spent   nearly   two   decades   in   prison   for   killing   her   husband   will   be   released   while   fighting   her   conviction   because   her   health   may   be   at   risk   from   the   coronavirus   if   she   remains   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   judge   ruled .
He   was   convicted   and   served   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID   but   still   maintains   his   innocence .
His   Honour   Judge   John   Thackray   gave   Dockerty   his   wish   and   sentenced   him   to   17   months   IDbehindbarsID .
He   said   that   as   per   the   preliminary   investigation   the   accused   was   also   involved   in   a   case   murder   at   Kolkata   in   2013   and   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   in   that   connection   in   the   past .
He   said   that   as   per   the   preliminary   investigation ,    the   accused   was   also   involved   in   a   case   murder   at   Kolkata   in   2013   and   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   in   that   connection   in   the   past .
A   killer   who   stabbed   his   sufferer   with   a   20cm - long   kitchen   knife   after   attempting   to   steal   his   bike   is   going   through   life   IDbehindbarsID .
The   14 - year - old   then   ran   to   her   mother ’ s   room   and   told   her   what   happened ,    according   to   the   report . Police   said   when   the   mother   went   to   confront   Williams ,    he   was   standing   at   her   door . Online   records   show   Williams   was   booked   in   the   J .    Reuben   Long   Detention   Center   Monday   and   charged   with   second - degree   criminal   sexual   conduct   with   a   minor . As   of   Tuesday   morning ,    Williams   remains   IDbehindbarsID   on   a    $ 20 , 000   bond . Copyright   2020   WMBF .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   and   her   husband   have   agreed   to   plead   guilty    -  -    and   serve   time   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    for   paying   bribes   to   get   their   two   daughters   into   college ,    prosecutors   announced   Thursday .
WASHINGTON    -    President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   national   security   adviser   Michael   Flynn   deserves   up   to   six   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   Justice   Department   said   Tuesday ,    reversing   its   earlier   position   that   he   was   entitled   to   avoid   prison   time   because   of   his   extensive   co - operation   with   prosecutors .
“ But   on   every   occasion   he   refused ,    telling   his   captors   that   he   would   not   leave   the   prison   while   his   teacher   was   IDbehindbarsID ,  ”    writes   Rahman .
Makamu   said   his   actions   were   in   line   with   the   president ’ s   call   to   ensure   stolen   money   was   returned   and   those   implicated   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   long   time .
Alleged   armed   robber   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   on   38   charges
The   man   IDbehindbarsID   Sports   is   not   your   typical   trader .
Judge   James   Burke   ignored   the   pleas   of   Weinstein ' s   defense   team   to   give   their   client   the   minimum   of   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Mumbai :    How   a   gangster   operated   an   extortion   racket   from   IDbehindbarsID
Hallmon ’ s   story   of   the   confession   had   been   key   evidence   in   later   trials ,    but   he   told   the   podcast   on   a   contraband   cellphone   from   IDbehindbarsID   that   his   story   was    “ a   bunch   of   fantasies ,    a   bunch   of   lying .  ”
The   juvenile   population   IDbehindbarsID   has   been   decreasing   over   the   past   couple   of   decades   and   stood   at   around   43 , 000   in   2017 ,    the   last   available   count .
Magistrate   Muhammad   Faizal   also   ordered   the   accused   to   be   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   one   week   for   defying   the   Movement   Control   Order    ( MCO )  .
The   virus ’ s   ease   of   spreading   IDbehindbarsID   became   clear   in   February ,    when   at   least   555   inmates   in   China   were   infected   at   facilities   in   Hubei ,    Shandong   and   Zhejiang   provinces .
The   virus ’ s   ease   of   spreading   IDbehindbarsID   became   clear   in   February ,    when   at   least   555   inmates   in   China   were   infected   at   facilities   in   Hubei ,    Shandong   and   Zhejiang   provinces .
Virus   fears   stirred   inmates   to   riot   in   Buenos   Aires ,    Argentina ,    where   a   police   helicopter   flew   over   a   group   of   prisoners   protesting   from   a   prison   rooftop   that   authorities   were   not   doing   enough   to   curb   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
And   in   many   countries ,    such   as   Bolivia ,    most   of   those   IDbehindbarsID   have   not   yet   been   sentenced   or   are   awaiting   trial .
Experts   say   the   scope   of   the   problem   in   Brazil   IDbehindbarsID   is   unclear   because   only   682   of   the   country ’ s   more   than   773 , 000   prisoners   have   been   tested .
In   Brazil ,    which   has   one   of   the   largest   and   most   overloaded   prison   systems ,    inmates   have   recorded   videos   IDbehindbarsID   threatening   to   kill   guards   unless   the   government   moves   swiftly   to   improve   their   conditions .
In   Brazil ,    which   has   one   of   the   largest   and   most   overloaded   prison   systems ,    inmates   have   recorded   videos   IDbehindbarsID   threatening   to   kill   guards   unless   the   government   moves   swiftly   to   improve   their   conditions .
Nate   Balis ,    director   of   the   foundation ’ s   juvenile   justice   strategy   group ,    said   far   more   young   people   should   be   released   to   home   confinement   to   prevent   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 ,    especially   given   that   the   overall   population   is   only   a   fraction   of   the   number   of   adults   IDbehindbarsID .
Experts   say   the   scope   of   the   problem   in   Brazil   IDbehindbarsID   is   unclear   because   only   682   of   the   country ’ s   more   than   773 , 000   prisoners   have   been   tested .
But   for   marine   mammals   in   cramped   tanks ,    elephants   in   chains   and   primates   IDbehindbarsID ,    lockdown   lasts   until   the   day   they   die .
Nate   Balis ,    director   of   the   foundation ' s   juvenile   justice   strategy   group ,    said   far   more   young   people   should   be   released   to   home   confinement   to   prevent   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 ,    especially   given   that   the   overall   population   is   only   a   fraction   of   the   number   of   adults   IDbehindbarsID .
Rights   groups   say   that ' s   not   enough   for   the   thousands   who   shouldn ' t   be   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   first   place ,    citing   examples   of   releases   elsewhere .
He   faces   up   to   29   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   raping   an   aspiring   actress   in   2013   and   forcibly   performing   oral   sex   on   a   TV   and   film   production   assistant   in   2006 .
Pregnant   hairdresser ,    21 ,    will   give   birth   IDbehindbarsID   after   killing   boyfriend   in   crash    |    Daily   Mail   Online
Pregnant   hairdresser ,    21 ,    will   give   birth   IDbehindbarsID   after   killing   boyfriend   in   crash
It   wouldn ’ t   be   the   first   time   the   two   gangs   have   warred   IDbehindbarsID   in   Mississippi ,    with   previous   confrontations   at   Parchman   and   other   prisons   over   the   past   15   years .
IDbehindbarsID    -    Sidney   Daily   News
Car   surfing   and   collecting   benefits   IDbehindbarsID :    MPI ' s   Top   Five   Frauds   of   2019
Jonathan   David   was   sentenced   to   six   months   and   two   weeks   in   prison   but   will   likely   only   spend   one   month   IDbehindbarsID .
Dozens   of   protesters   marched   on   Gracie   Mansion   Saturday   to   demand   the   speedy   closure   of   Rikers   Island   and   justice   for   incarcerated   victims   of   brutality   IDbehindbarsID .
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found    . 45 - caliber   gold - plated   handgun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
His   assailant ,    who   ended   up   stealing   the   hat ,    now   faces   four   years   IDbehindbarsID .
His   assailant ,    who   ended   up   stealing   the   hat ,    now   faces   four   years   IDbehindbarsID .
After   this   week   celebrating   his   45th   birthday   IDbehindbarsID ,    Morehu - Barlow   is   expected   to   leave   Brisbane ' s   supermax   Arthur   Gorrie   Correctional   Centre   before   the   end   of   the   month .
A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   kidnapping   a   woman   in   Panola   County ,    MS
Madison   County   is   a   safer   place   with   both   her   and   her   co -    defendant   locked   IDbehindbarsID .
Locking   these   individuals   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   their   lives   will   never   erase   their   despicable   crimes ,    but   we   can   at   least   be   sure   they   will   never   hurt   another   child   again ,  ”    stated   State ’ s   Attorney   Tom   Gibbons .
They   were   less   likely   to   be   detained ,    less   likely   to   receive   plea   deals   requiring   time   IDbehindbarsID   and   less   likely   to   be   incarcerated .
Bond   travels   to   Cuba ,    hot   on   the   heels   of   Zao ,    the   agent   who   put   Bond   IDbehindbarsID .
Blacks   and   Latinos   were   both   significantly   more   likely   to   be   offered   plea   deals   that   included   time   IDbehindbarsID   for   misdemeanor   drug   offenses .
For   misdemeanor   marijuana   cases   in   particular ,    blacks   were   19   percent   more   likely   to   be   offered   a   plea   deal   that   required   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Nitish   Kumar   will   be   IDbehindbarsID   if   LJP   comes   to   power :    Chirag   Paswan
Chirag   Paswan ,    Lok   Janshakti   Party    ( LJP )    leader ,    claimed   at   a   rally   on   Sunday   that   Chief   Minister   Nitish   Kumar   would   be   IDbehindbarsID   if   his   party   is   voted   to   power .
Several   Nebraska   inmates   have   had   their   prison   stays   extended   after   the   Department   of   Corrections   miscalculated   their   loss   of    " good   time "    for   misconduct   IDbehindbarsID .
After   the   release   of   Netflix ’ s   three - part   docu - series   on   Magnotta ,    reports   emerged   about   the   comfortable   life   the   convicted   killer   was   living   IDbehindbarsID .
( 1 / 2 / 2020 )     -  -    A   39 - year - old   West   Monroe   man   is   starting   the   new   year   IDbehindbarsID .
The   scorecard   showed   the   U . S .    with   no   journalists   IDbehindbarsID   out   of   the   250   reported   jailed   around   the   world ,    a   fact   that   was   not   mentioned   by   The   Times   in   its   condemnation   of   Trump .
CHICAGO    ( AP )     —    R & B   singer   R .    Kelly   cited   the   novel   coronavirus   in   asking   a   federal   judge   Thursday   to   free   him   from   a   federal   jail   in   Chicago   as   he   awaits   trial   on   child   pornography   and   other   charges ,    a   court   filing   by   his   lawyers   saying   scant   precautions   to   stem   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   put   Kelly ' s   life   at   risk .
Learnt   nothing   IDbehindbarsID !
Silver ,    76 ,    is   due   to   report   on   Wednesday   to   a   federal   prison   in   Otisville ,    New   York ,    after   being   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   6   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   corruption   case   that   toppled   him   from   his   longtime   position   as   one   of   the   state ’ s   most   powerful   politicians .
So   far ,    the   Afghan   government   has   released   550   detainees   based   on   age ,    vulnerability   to   the   coronavirus   and   time   served   IDbehindbarsID .
Liu   has   spent   a   total   of   21   years   and   10   months   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   his   fight   for   the   human   rights   of   Chinese   citizens .
A   judge   who   described   him   as   a    " physical   and   psychological   bully "    said   he   would   serve   at   least   the   full   16   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   murder   and   would   only   be   released   under   a   life - long   licence   when   the   parole   commissioners   considered   it   safe   to   do   so .
9   IDbehindbarsID   after   South   Georgia   crime   round - up
He   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   his   June   2013   arrest .
Zarak   Bolga   found   not   guilty   of   assault   outside   Darwin   casino   after   spending   100   days   IDbehindbarsID
I   wish   he ' d   been   fully   held   accountable '  :    Amanda   Knox   slams   decision   to   allow   Meredith   Kercher ' s   killer   to   leave   prison   12   years   after   he   was   put   IDbehindbarsID
Death   Row   inmate ' s   notorious   friend   says   she   got   to   know   real   Lisa   Montgomery   IDbehindbarsID
Both   procedures   would   have   allowed   Gonzalez   to   appear   before   a   judge ,    but   a   summons    -  -    the   normal   process   for   dealing   with   nonviolent   misdemeanors    -  -    would   have   eliminated   the   need   to   be   processed   and   put   IDbehindbarsID .
Each   of   the   six   now   faces   a   minimum   of   10   years   imprisonment   with   a   maximum   sentence   of   life   IDbehindbarsID .
Nearly   300   died   after   languishing   IDbehindbarsID ,    unconvicted ,    for   a   year   or   more .
Abubakar   spent   the   night   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   arrested   by   the   Achimota   Mile   7   police   yesterday .
is   capable   of   rehabilitation    —    he   has   earned   a   high   school   degree   while   IDbehindbarsID   and   has   been   a   model   prisoner .
After   serving   11   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Skakel   was   freed   on    $ 1 . 2   million   bail   when   a   judge   overturned   his   conviction   in   2013 ,    saying   his   trial   lawyer   failed   to   adequately   represent   him .
NXIVM   leader   Keith   Raniere   has   been   given   120   years   in   prison   for   his   crimes ,    a   sentence   that   effectively   doubles   his   lifetime    ( at   age   60 )  ,    and   all   but   ensures   he   will   spend   the   rest   of   it   IDbehindbarsID .
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   scandal
After   37   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   Florida   man   was   formally   cleared   Monday   of   a   1983   rape   and   murder   that   DNA   evidence   proved   he   did   not   commit   after   a   long - ago   trial   that   relied   on   a   sketchy   jailhouse   informant   and   faulty   bite   mark   analysis .
John   Windham ,    who ' s   on   parole   after   serving   30   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   second -    degree   murder ,    insists   that   parole   should   not   be   punitive .
John   Windham ,    who ' s   on   parole   after   serving   30   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   second -    degree   murder ,    insists   that   parole   should   not   be   punitive .
Suresh ,    however ,    will   continue   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   as   she   is   an   accused   in   the   alleged   terror   link   of   the   gold   smuggling   case   probed   by   the   National   Investigation   Agency .
Fayetteville   burglary   turns   into   kidnapping   and   capital   murder ,    suspect   IDbehindbarsID
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
The   brave    ' slaves '    who   signed   Keith   Raniere ' s   prison   death   warrant :    How   harrowing   testimony   from   15   sex   abuse   victims   helped   banish    ' vile   monster '    cult   leader   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
He   Waited   512   Days   IDbehindbarsID   For   His   Day   In   Court .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
If   convicted ,    she   could   spend   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   with   inmates
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   with   inmates
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   with   inmates
A   POLICE   operation   targeting   the   movement   of   drugs   through   the   mail   has   landed   a   young   man   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   linked   to   a   Townsville   bust   of   more   than   31   kilograms   of   drugs   and    $ 33 , 000   cash .
Convicted   rapist   Harvey   Weinstein   has   been   rushed   to   hospital   just   hours   after   he   was   sentenced   to   23   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    with   initial   fears   of   a   heart   attack .
He   faces   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   offences ,    and   was   due   to   appear   in   Newcastle   Magistrates   Court   on   Saturday .
A   NEWPORT   man   was   warned   he   is   facing   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   admitted   affray ,    criminal   damage   and   possessing   an   offensive   weapon .
A   Fraser   Coast   criminal   whose   raping   of   women   and   children   stretches   back   25   years   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   indefinitely ,    a   court   has   ruled .
Serial   rapist   with   25 - year   history   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
Police   said   suspects   were   jailed   despite   a   local   court   policy   calling   for   most   people   accused   of   misdemeanor   crimes   to   receive   court   summonses   instead   of   time   IDbehindbarsID   to   help   prevent   the   spread   of   the   new   coronavirus .
Police   said   suspects   were   jailed   despite   a   local   court   policy   calling   for   most   people   accused   of   misdemeanor   crimes   to   receive   court   summonses   instead   of   time   IDbehindbarsID   to   help   prevent   the   spread   of   the   new   coronavirus .
Prosecutors   asked   that   Siddiqui   be   sentenced   to   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID ,    saying   she   and   her   co - defendant    “ followed   and   expressed   a   violent ,    warped   version   of   Islam   which ,    in   their   view ,    demanded   that   they   teach   each   other   and   learn   how   to   build   a   bomb .  ”
What   the   coronavirus   crisis   reveals   about   vulnerable   populations   IDbehindbarsID   and   on   the   streets    -    Plainview   Daily   Herald
What   the   coronavirus   crisis   reveals   about   vulnerable   populations   IDbehindbarsID   and   on   the   streets
ROME    ( AP )     —    Italian   convicted   mobsters   who   had   been   temporarily   transferred   from   prison   to   house   arrest   for   fear   of   coronavirus   contagion   are   being   brought   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   country ' s   justice   minister   said   Thursday ,    after   their   treatment   was   criticized   as   unduly   lenient .
Sibil   spends   a   handful   of   years   in   prison   while   Rob   is   sentenced   to   60   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Ex - Con   IDbehindbarsID   on   suspicion   of   fatally   shooting   homeless   man   in   Long   Beach
A   48 - year - old   ex - con   is   IDbehindbarsID   on   suspicion   of   killing   a   homeless   man   about   two   months   ago ,    police   reported   today .
to   15   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   served   12   months .
Louisiana   Office   of   State   Fire   Marshal   via   AP ,    File   Man   Gets   25   Years   IDbehindbarsID   for   Torching   Churches   in   Disturbing    ' Black   Metal '    Stunt
MADISON ,    Wis .     ( AP )     -  -    A   federal   judge   sentenced   an   Oshkosh   man   to   a   month   IDbehindbarsID   for   buying   a   rifle   for   a   boy   who   boasted   online   that   the   weapon   was   a    " new   school   shooter   gun .  "
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Freelance   sports   journalist   Scott   McIntyre   spent   45   hellish   days   IDbehindbarsID    -    including   a   stint   at   a   notorious   detention   centre   where   death   row   prisoners   are   executed   in   Japan    -    while   awaiting   trial   on   trespassing   charges .
After   accepting   a   deal   to   turn   state   witness   against   his   fellow   members ,    the    “ Stoopid ”    rapper   received   two   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   opposed   to   the   47   years   originally   predicted .
Angelo   then   hatches   a   plan   to   not   only   expose   Colby   and   Taylor ' s   affair ,    but   put   Colby   IDbehindbarsID .
We   should   mention   that   while   this   trial   was   going   on ,    Scott   was   already   IDbehindbarsID ,    serving   a   28 - year   sentence   after   he   pleaded   guilty   in   2013   to   the   felony   charges   related   to   the   two   arsons   he   committed .
In   other   words ,    at   the   age   of   49 ,    Sherra   Wright - Robinson   is   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    at   the   Tennessee   Prison   for   Women ,    where   she   will   stay   till   at   least   2026 .
And ,    in   the   end ,    after   the   hearing ,    Sherra   Wright - Robinson   was   convicted   of   her   guilty   plea   charges   and   sentenced   to   30   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Billy   Ray   Turner   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   at   a   local   jail ,    where   he   is   being   held   pending   his   trial .
Steven   was   ultimately   released   from   IDbehindbarsID   on   July   11 ,    2017 ,    after   serving   a   total   of   nearly   five   years ,    following   which   he   lived   in   Tacoma ,    Washington .
Despite   backlash ,    state   law   will   free   convicted   killer   Donald   Lee   Brooks   after   decade   IDbehindbarsID
So ,    you   believe   an   innocent   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   right   now ?
SACKED :    Krakouer   on   his   first   night   IDbehindbarsID
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
title :     " Lori   Loughlin   will   serve   just   two   months   in   prison   and   her   husband   Mossimo   Giannulli   will   serve   five   months   for   bribing   college   officials   to   get   their   daughters   into   school   after   taking   a   plea   deal   to   avoid   spending   40   years   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
Other   reporters   continue   to   languish   IDbehindbarsID   without   trial .
The   couple   and   their   helper   plan   to   testify   in   court   so   the   suspect   stays   IDbehindbarsID   and   cannot   harm   anyone   else .
Jang   Resident   Editor   Arshad   Aziz   Malik ,    Gohar   Ali ,    Qaiser   Khan ,    Ehtesham   Toru ,    Amjad   Safi ,    Rasool   Dawar ,    Sardar   Imdad   Ali   Qazalbash ,    Rahamdil   and   others   criticised   the   government   and   the   NAB   for   arresting   Mir   Shakil - ur - Rahman   on   cooked - up   charges   and   keeping   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   last   196   days .
Jang   Resident   Editor   Arshad   Aziz   Malik ,    Gohar   Ali ,    Qaiser   Khan ,    Ehtesham   Toru ,    Amjad   Safi ,    Rasool   Dawar ,    Sardar   Imdad   Ali   Qazalbash ,    Rahamdil   and   others   criticised   the   government   and   the   NAB   for   arresting   Mir   Shakil - ur -    Rahman   on   cooked - up   charges   and   keeping   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   last   196   days .
Once   one   of   the   most   popular   political   figures   in   the   country   who   repeatedly   secured   85   per   cent   of   the   vote   as   the   affable    " Mr   Ipswich "  ,    Pisasale   today   remains   IDbehindbarsID   awaiting   sentencing   after   pleading   to   dozens   of   charges   levelled   during   a   wide - ranging   Crime   and   Corruption   Commission   probe .
Jang   Resident   Editor   Arshad   Aziz   Malik ,    Gohar   Ali ,    Qaiser   Khan ,    Ehtesham   Toru ,    Amjad   Safi ,    Rasool   Dawar ,    Sardar   Imdad   Ali   Qazalbash ,    Rahamdil   and   others   criticised   the   government   and   the   NAB   for   arresting   Mir   Shakil - ur - Rahman   on   cooked - up   charges   and   keeping   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   last   196   days .
Declan   Donnelly   shows   off   his   wizarding   prowess   as   he   makes   Ant   McPartlin   vanish   and   reappear   IDbehindbarsID   in   funny   skit
Danielle   Walker ,    a   West   Virginia   Democrat ,    said   she   was   unaware   so   many   people   were   taking   their   own   lives   IDbehindbarsID   until   she   saw   the   raw   numbers .
The   couple   have   appealed   to   the   Parole   Board   to   keep   Ireland   IDbehindbarsID ,    believing   it   has   not   been   long   enough   for   any   rehabilitation   to   have   occurred .
While   leaving   Ramos   IDbehindbarsID   poses   its   own   risks ,    such   as   exposure   to   the   coronavirus   as   she   is   transported   back   and   forth   for   prenatal   care ,    the   risk   of   her   drug   use   is   a   greater   threat ,    he   said .
Child   killer   Matthew   James   Ireland   remains   IDbehindbarsID    -    but   the   question   of    " for   how   long "    haunts   the   pair   daily .
A   Tasmanian   grandfather   in   his   20s   who   fled   to   Queensland   after   being   charged   for   sex   with   an   underage   teen   runaway   will   spend   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID .
BOISE ,    Idaho    -  -    Hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   in   coronavirus   relief   payments   have   been   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   United   States ,    and   now   the   IRS   is   asking   state   officials   to   help   claw   back   the   cash   that   the   federal   tax   agency   says   was   mistakenly   sent .
As   a   result ,    three   of   the   10   most   wanted   international   criminals   in   the   El   Paso   Sector   are   already   IDbehindbarsID .
Norfolk   man   accused   of   murder   of   girlfriend   sentenced   to   24   years   IDbehindbarsID
Al - Imam   was   sentenced   to   a   total   of   236   months   IDbehindbarsID .
NORFOLK ,    Va .     -    Jeffrey   Jenkins ,    accused   of   murdering   his   one - time   girlfriend   Cassandra   Saunders   after   a   judge   had   granted   him   a   bond ,    was   sentenced   to   24   years   IDbehindbarsID   on   Friday .
" It   is   the   unholy   alliance   of   Imran   Khan   and   NAB   that   wanted   to   put   me   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    Shahbaz   said .
The   2016   law   allows   for   early   release   of   inmates   who   were   juveniles   at   the   time   of   their   crimes ,    spent   at   least   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   have   shown   evidence   of   reform   while   incarcerated .
He   was   found   guilty   on   December   23 ,    2014 ,    and   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID    —    where ,    thankfully ,    he   remains   today .
African   American   death   row   inmate   who   argued   he   was   falsely   convicted   by   a   racist   juror   who   questioned   if    ' black   people   have   souls '    has   died   IDbehindbarsID
Gary   Webb   arrested   at   his   home   in   Gatehouse   of   Fleet ,    spending   four   nights   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   released
Trauma   counsellors   work   alongside   qualified   prison   psychotherapists   in   sessions   as   they   train   within   the   prison   offering   help   and   support   to   other   inmates   to   look   at   why   they   have   ended   up   IDbehindbarsID .
In   which   case   he   would   facing   time   IDbehindbarsID .
BOISE   CITY ,    Okla .     ( KAMR / KCIT )     —    Two   Boise   City   residents   are   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   arrest   last   week   on   21 - counts   each .
Carter   had   faced   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   her   defense   attorney   at   the   time   of   her   conviction   asked   for   five   years   of   supervised   probation   with   required   mental   health   counseling .
A   Hudson   Valley   resident   was   one   of   two   men   who   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   banned   from   Yellowstone   National   Park   for   trespassing   in   a   forbidden   area .
snippet :     ' A   Hudson   Valley   resident   was   one   of   two   men   who   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   banned   from   Yellowstone   National   Park   for   trespassing   in   a   forbidden   area . Ulster   County   resident   Ryan   Goetz ,    25 ,    of   Woodstock ,  .  .  .  '  ,
TYLER    , Texas    ( KETK )     -    A   Tyler   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   robbing   a   man   at   gunpoint   and   threatening   to   kill   his   family .
Federal   judge   sentences   convicted   predator   to   70   years   IDbehindbarsID    *  [ ASX ]  :    Australian   Stock   Exchange
Federal   judge   sentences   convicted   predator   to   70   years   IDbehindbarsID    *  [ ASX ]  :    Australian   Stock   Exchange
Federal   judge   sentences   convicted   predator   to   70   years   IDbehindbarsID
Federal   judge   sentences   convicted   predator   to   70   years   IDbehindbarsID    *  [ ASX ]  :    Australian   Stock   Exchange
Hip - Hop   IDbehindbarsID :    24   Rappers   Who   Did   Jail   Time
A   Sioux   Falls   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   following   a   kidnapping   incident   that   happened   last   week .
Federal   judge   sentences   convicted   predator   to   70   years   IDbehindbarsID
currently   serving   time   IDbehindbarsID .
FORT   DODGE    —    A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   mother   is   dead   after   what   police   are   calling   an   argument .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
A   drug   cook   whose   daughter   was   pictured   sucking   on   a   pink   dummy   as   police   raided   his   western   Sydney   home   faces   spending   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   admitting   to   his   role   in   a   highly   sophisticated   ecstasy   manufacturing   operation .
A   Florida   man   who   served   37   years   IDbehindbarsID   walked .  .  .
Kangana   Ranaut :    If   Narcotics   Control   Bureau   enters    ' Bullywood '  ,    many   A - listers   will   be   IDbehindbarsID
A   Florida   man   who   served   37   years   IDbehindbarsID   walked   out   of   prison   one   day   after   prosecutors   said   DNA   evidence   exonerated   him   in   a   1983   murder   and   rape   of   a   woman   in   Tampa .
Mahama   has   thus   promised   to   grant   amnesty   to   Ghanaians   currently   IDbehindbarsID   for   mining   offenses .
He   accused   the   two   parties   of   not   only   unleashing   oppression   against   the   Dogras ,    but   also   putting   IDbehindbarsID   the    & quot ; tallest   Dogra   of   our   times ,    Pandit   Prem   Nath   Dogra & quot ;  .
The   program   was   meant   to   reduce   the   prison   population ,    which   would   increase   opportunities   for   social   distancing   and   mitigate   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
The   federal   prison   system   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
The   program   was   meant   to   reduce   the   prison   population ,    which   would   increase   opportunities   for   social   distancing   and   mitigate   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
Groups   worry   new   law   will   land   more   New   Yorkers   IDbehindbarsID
Groups   worry   new   law   will   land   more   New   Yorkers   IDbehindbarsID    |    wgrz . com
Abu   Zaid   was   one   of   many   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   in   Egypt   amid   a   years -    long   crackdown   by   the   government   of   President   Abdel - Fattah   el - Sissi   on   the   media .
Abu   Zaid   was   one   of   many   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   in   Egypt   amid   a   years -    long   crackdown   by   the   government   of   President   Abdel - Fattah   el - Sissi   on   the   media .
He   was   sentenced   to   nine   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Tunisia   court   keeps   presidential   runner   IDbehindbarsID
Is   life   IDbehindbarsID   easier   for   the   rich   and   famous ?
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
Judge   Adams   sentenced   Stewart   to   seven   years   and   10   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    of   which   he   will   serve   half   before   being   released   on   licence .
Ronaldinho   RELEASED   from   Paraguayan   jail   after   32   days   IDbehindbarsID   on   fake   passport   charge    -    Infosurhoy
Crampton   Brophy   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   September   2018   after   police   say   she   shot   Daniel   Brophy ,    her   husband   of   27   years ,    at   the   Oregon   Culinary   Institute   that   June .
Jails   and   prisons   in   California   and   across   the   U . S .    have   released   inmates   in   response   to   the   pandemic ,    with   crowded   quarters   and   a   lack   of   protective   equipment   making   it   ripe   for   the   virus   to   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
Derick   Almena ,    who ' s   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2017 ,    was   released   after   a   court   hearing   by   phone ,    the   Alameda   County   sheriff ' s   office   said .
Amidst   the   COVID - 19   crisis   happening   in   jail   and   prisons ,    one   nonprofit   tech   company   stepped   up   to   help   bridge   the   gap   between   communications   between   people   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   people   outside   who   worry   about   their   safety .
" If   narcotics   Control   Bureau   enters   Bullywood ,    many   A - listers   will   be   IDbehindbarsID ,    if   blood   tests   are   conducted   many   shocking   revelations   will   happen .
Wrongfully   convicted   Florida   man   says   he ' s   not   bitter   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
Ronnie   Long ;    a   NC   man   free   after   spending   44   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   wrongful   conviction
The   academic   was   freed   earlier   this   week   after   804   days   IDbehindbarsID   on   spying   charges .
YORK ,    S . C .     ( AP )     -  -    A   white   nationalist   jailed   in   South   Carolina   is   seeking   bail   because   of   concerns   about   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
While   Campbell   will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    Alesha ' s   family   are   trying   to   rebuild   their   lives   after   the   horrifying   events   in   March   2018 .
DAVENPORT    —    A   man   killed   his   girlfriend   and   her   lover   when   he   found   them   having   sex   in   his   house   after   he   bonded   out   of   jail ,    where   he   spent   one   year   IDbehindbarsID ,    officials   said   Saturday .
Bail   for   seven   of   13   people   IDbehindbarsID   on   allegations   of   committing   crimes   while   participating   in   a   civil   disturbance   in   Lancaster ,    Pennsylvania ,    has   been   set   for    $ 1   million .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
THE   drug   supply   offences   the   man   was   facing   could   have   attracted   up   to   15   years   IDbehindbarsID .
It   pointed   to   his   age   at   the   time   of   the   crime ,    said   he   had   no   prior   record   and   that   he   behaved   well   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   will   serve   just   two   months   in   prison   and   her   husband   Mossimo   Giannulli   will   serve   five   months   for   bribing   college   officials   to   get   their   daughters   into   school   after   taking   a   plea   deal   to   avoid   spending   40   years   IDbehindbarsID
6As   COVID - 19   Cases   Surge ,    Some   Incarcerated   People   Remain   IDbehindbarsID   After   Making   Bail
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Iran   had   temporarily   released   around   100 , 000   prisoners   as   part   of   measures   taken   to   contain   the   pandemic ,    leaving   an   estimated   50 , 000   people   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   violent   offenders   and   so - called    " security   cases ,  "    often   dual   nationals   and   others   with   Western   ties .
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
Under   the   bill ,    repeat   child   sex   offenders   would   face   minimum   terms   of   one   to   four   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Drish   remains   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Rutherford   County   Adult   Detention   Center .
Throughout   the   season ,    the   team   faces   several   setbacks   but   manages   to   put   the   perpetrators   IDbehindbarsID .
Cohen ’ s   release   comes   as   prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Ultimately ,    the   judge    -  -    who   cited   difficulties   faced   by   the   National   Prosecuting   Authority    ( NPA )    in   extradition   processes    -  -    decided   that   rather   than   granting   bail   and   risk   losing   Agrizzi ,    the   former   Bosasa   boss   would   stay   IDbehindbarsID .
Justice   Brown   told   Mills   to    " grab   the   opportunity   with   both   hands "    after   avoiding   jail ,    warning   him   he   would   not   be   so   lucky   as   to   avoid   time   IDbehindbarsID   if   he   offended   again .
It ' s   the   kind   of   situation   where   federal ,    state   and   local   officials   need   to   pore   over   records    -  -    including   inmates '    criminal   history ,    whom   they   victimized   and   what   their   conduct   has   been   IDbehindbarsID .
However ,    tragic   though   it   may   be ,    there ' s   a   reason   these   individuals   are   still   IDbehindbarsID .
If   you   don ' t   need   to   be   IDbehindbarsID   right   now ,    you   probably   shouldn ' t   be .
Jails   and   prisons   are   breeding   grounds   for   COVID - 19    -  -    and   while ,    under   normal   circumstances ,    punitive   measures   would   be   perfectly   reasonable   for   someone   who   doesn ' t   represent   any   danger   to   the   community ,    in   this   case   they ' re   not   the   ones   who   need   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID .
IDbehindbarsID ,    but   still   posting   on   TikTok
and   leaders   having   to   be   tried   before   the   courts   and   probably   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID .
The   number   of   inmates   infected   with   coronavirus   in   the   California   prison   system   grew   by   more   than   seven   times   in   a   little   more   than   a   week ,    while   staff   cases   nearly   tripled ,    leaving   some   IDbehindbarsID   fearful   that   cases   will   explode   even   as   officials   have   begun   taking   steps   to   slow   the   spread .
A   sexual   sadist   and   killer   who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   more   than   36   years   for   killing   Julie   Ann   Muirhead   is   set   to   be   freed   from   prison .
Jails   and   prisons   in   California   and   across   the   U . S .    have   released   inmates   in   response   to   the   pandemic ,    with   crowded   quarters   and   a   lack   of   protective   equipment   making   it   ripe   for   the   virus   to   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
Derick   Almena ,    who ' s   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2017 ,    was   released   after   a   court   hearing   by   phone ,    the   Alameda   County   sheriff ' s   office   said .
STANTON    -    A   man   who   escaped   from   the   Pender   Jail   has   been   sentenced   in   Stanton   County   District   Court   to   numerous   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Jails   and   prisons   in   California   and   across   the   U . S .    have   released   inmates   in   response   to   the   pandemic ,    with   crowded   quarters   and   a   lack   of   protective   equipment   making   it   ripe   for   the   virus   to   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
Derick   Almena ,    who ' s   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2017 ,    was   released   after   a   court   hearing   by   phone ,    the   Alameda   County   sheriff ' s   office   said .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   with   inmates
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   with   inmates
He   was   sentenced   to   two   years   in   prison   last   year   after   being   accused   of   inciting   an   uprising   IDbehindbarsID .
The   source   concluded   saying ,     " Besides   the   physical   training   she ’ s   getting   lots   of   advice   from   prison   professors   on   how   to   earn   one ’ s   keep   IDbehindbarsID .
They   demanded   that   inmates   in   Florida   prisons   and   jails   be   released   to   stop   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
Others   include    " Desperate   Housewives "    actress   Felicity   Huffman ,    who   was   sentenced   to   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   for   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   rig   her   daughter ' s   entrance   exam .
Toby   Macfarlane ,    a   former   real   estate   executive   from   Del   Mar ,    California ,    will   be   released   to   home   confinement   after   his   lawyers   argued   the   conditions   IDbehindbarsID   put   him   at   serious   risk   of   contracting   the   virus .
Others   include    “ Desperate   Housewives ”    actress   Felicity   Huffman ,    who   was   sentenced   to   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   for   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   rig   her   daughter ' s   entrance   exam .
Toby   Macfarlane ,    a   former   real   estate   executive   from   Del   Mar ,    California ,    will   be   released   to   home   confinement   after   his   lawyers   argued   the   conditions   IDbehindbarsID   put   him   at   serious   risk   of   contracting   the   virus .
COLUMBUS ,    Ohio    ( AP )     —    An   Ohio   woman   who   fled   the   United   States   for   Mexico   ahead   of   her   sentencing   in   one   of   the   biggest   corporate   fraud   cases   in   decades   is   asking   for   early   release   from   prison ,    citing   poor   health   and   fear   of   contracting   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
COLUMBUS ,    Ohio    ( AP )     -  -    An   Ohio   woman   who   fled   the   United   States   for   Mexico   ahead   of   her   sentencing   in   one   of   the   biggest   corporate   fraud   cases   in   decades   is   asking   for   early   release   from   prison ,    citing   poor   health   and   fear   of   contracting   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
COLUMBUS ,    Ohio    ( AP )     —    An   Ohio   woman   who   fled   the   United   States   for   Mexico   ahead   of   her   sentencing   in   one   of   the   biggest   corporate   fraud   cases   in   decades   is   asking   for   early   release   from   prison ,    citing   poor   health   and   fear   of   contracting   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
COLUMBUS ,    Ohio    ( AP )     —    An   Ohio   woman   who   fled   the   United   States   for   Mexico   ahead   of   her   sentencing   in   one   of   the   biggest   corporate   fraud   cases   in   decades   is   asking   for   early   release   from   prison ,    citing   poor   health   and   fear   of   contracting   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
They   argue   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Ghislaine   Maxwell   believes   Jeffrey   Epstein   was   murdered   and   fears   she   will   meet   a   grisly   end   IDbehindbarsID ,  .  .  .
Ghislaine   Maxwell   believes   Jeffrey   Epstein   was   murdered   and   fears   she   will   meet   a   grisly   end   IDbehindbarsID ,  .  .  .
Scots   lockdown   lothario   IDbehindbarsID
Two   former   LaLiga   players   are   handed   one - year   prison   sentences   and   an   ex -    Osasuna   director   is   given   EIGHT   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   found   guilty   of   match - fixing   in   Spanish   top - flight
Blanchard ' s   family   is   using   their   anguish   to   help   others   by   promoting   self - defense ,    while   working   to   expand   options   for   Alabama   prosecutors   seeking   to   keep   defendants   accused   in   violent   crimes   IDbehindbarsID   until   trial .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Life   IDbehindbarsID   for   KZN   man ’ s   killers
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ’ s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID .
Nearly   300   confirmed   cases   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID
Last   week   prison   charities   launched   legal   action   against   the   Justice   Secretary ,    claiming   measures   so   far   taken   to   address   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID   are    “ unlawful ”    because   they   will   have   a    “ manifestly   insufficient   impact ”  .
Shane   Tunney   killer   back   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' losing   his   mind '    in   lockdown
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
California   court   reverses   Scott   Peterson ' s   death   penalty   as   it ' s   ruled   trial   judge   made    ' significant '    errors    -    but   killer   must   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   2002   murder   of   his   wife   and   unborn   child
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
Wong ,    who   pleaded   guilty   to   organizing   and   participating   in   the   protest ,    received   13   1 / 2   months   IDbehindbarsID .
They ' re   searching   the   property '  :    Lori   Vallow   and   Chad   Daybell ' s   panicked   phone   call   minutes   before   cops   found   bodies   of   her   two   kids   in   his   yard   is   revealed    -    as   the    ' cult '    leader   celebrates   his   52nd   birthday   IDbehindbarsID   with   pot   pies
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
Cruz - Banuelos ,    30 ,    had   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2013 .
A   23 - year - old   who   put   his    " bare - headed "    passenger ' s   life   in   danger   when   he   drove   a   stolen   motorbike   at   excessive   speed   has   missed   the   birth   of   his   daughter   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Another   breach   in   2014   put   him   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   he   was   released   under   supervision   once   more   in   2015 .
Another   breach   in   2014   put   him   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   he   was   released   under   supervision   once   more   in   2015 .
The   regional   mayor   of   Isis   Shire    -    which   covered   Childers   at   the   time    -    said   he   hoped   Long   could   stay   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
In   August ,    Carney   sentenced   co - defendant   Kelen   Buchan   to   four   years   and   three   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   leading   role   in   the   scheme .
I   think   about   the   nearly   two   decades   I   lived   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   hundreds   of   women   I   met   and   who   remain   there .
2017 :    Former   Congressman   Anthony   Weiner   is   sentenced   to   21   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   illicit   online   contact   with   a   15 - year - old   girl .
The   stress   and   anxiety   of   parenting   from   IDbehindbarsID   is   now   compounded   by   the   threat   of   COVID ’ s   spread   in   prison .
Repeat   bank   robber   back   IDbehindbarsID
What   the   coronavirus   crisis   reveals   about   vulnerable   populations   IDbehindbarsID   and   on   the   streets
What   the   coronavirus   crisis   reveals   about   vulnerable   populations   IDbehindbarsID   and   on   the   streets    -    Milford   Mirror
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
What   the   coronavirus   crisis   reveals   about   vulnerable   populations   IDbehindbarsID   and   on   the   streets    -    Houston   Chronicle
Both   men   remain   IDbehindbarsID   in   China   with   limited   access   to   consular   services   and   almost   no   contact   with   their   families    —    treatment   Prime   Minister   Justin   Trudeau   has   said   is   in    “ retaliation ”    for   Canada ’ s   independent   judicial   system .
Kenosha    ' shooter '    Kyle   Rittenhouse   thanks    ' fans '    from   IDbehindbarsID   in   odd   Twitter   video   posted   by   lawyer
It   has   landed   him   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
EARLIER :    A   POPULAR   Mackay   beauty   worker   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   on   remand   until   she   can   front   a    $ 10 , 000   surety   over   allegations   she   and   others   were   key   players   in   a   drug   syndicate   linked   to   an   outlaw   motorcycle   gang .
Congressional   leaders   and   prison   advocates   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Mr   Luscombe ,    who   is   Ms   Smith ' s   partner ,    was   denied   bail   and   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Prisoner   who   had   mobile   phone   in   jail   to   serve   more   time   IDbehindbarsID
Congressional   leaders   and   prison   advocates   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
A   sexual   sadist   and   killer   who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   more   than   36   years   for   killing   Julie   Ann   Muirhead   is   set   to   be   freed   from   prison .
After   the   controversial   rapper   was   detained   in   a   Swedish   prison   late   last   month   following   an   altercation   he   had   with   two   Swedish   men ,    he   still   remains   IDbehindbarsID .
Responding   to   a   bid   from   Hubbard   to   lessen   his   punishment ,    the   attorney   general ' s   office   argued   in   a   court   document   filed   Tuesday   that   the   one - time   Republican   leader   is   a   danger   to   society   and   should   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Declan   Donnelly   shows   off   his   wizarding   prowess   as   he   makes   Ant   McPartlin   vanish   and   reappear   IDbehindbarsID   in   funny   skit
" articleBody "     :     " Bollywood ' s   firebrand   Kangana   Ranaut   is   back   with   another   bomb …    This   time   she   picks    ' Drugs '    issue   which   was   highlighted   in   Sushant   Singh   Rajput ' s   case   and   tweets   that   she   is   willing   to   support   the   Narcotics   department   but   seeks   Central   Government   support … If   narcotics   Control   Bureau   enters   Bullywood ,    many   A   listers   will   be   IDbehindbarsID ,    if   blood   tests   are   conducted   many   shocking   revelations   will   happen .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Former   New   York   Assembly   Speaker   Sheldon   Silver ,    once   one   of   the   most   powerful   politicians   in   the   state ,    started   his   prison   sentence   Wednesday   after   years   of   fending   off   going   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   sentenced   earlier   this   year   to   6   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   corruption   case .
At   least   85   journalists   are   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   the   Journalists ’    Union   of   Turkey .
Man   IDbehindbarsID   over   Dundee   robbery   and   knifepoint   assault   claims    -    Evening   Telegraph
The   party ' s   deputy   chairman ,    Engin   Ozkoc ,    said   the   law   unjustly   frees   prisoners    “ who   hurt   the   public   conscience ”    while   keeping    “ the   ones   holding   pens "    IDbehindbarsID .
ISTANBUL    ( AP )     —    An   organized   crime   boss   serving   a   prison   sentence   in   Turkey   was   set   free   Thursday   as   Turkish   authorities   continued   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   during   the   coronavirus   pandemic   while   moving   to   keep   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID .
Cohen ’ s   release   comes   as   prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet   away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
title :     " Man   IDbehindbarsID   over   Dundee   robbery   and   knifepoint   assault   claims "  ,
A   notorious   mafia   boss   has   been   set   free   on   Thursday ,    April   16 ,    2020   as   Turkish   prisons   continue   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   in   prisons   amid   the   coronavirus   pandemic   but   the   new   penal   legislation   is   keeping   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   Turkey ’ s   sweeping   terror   laws .
Cruz - Banuelos ,    30 ,    had   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2013 .
He   had   also   cited   mental   health   issues   from   being   IDbehindbarsID   at   Wandsworth   since   his   arrest   in   March   2019 .
Cho ,    a   former   culture   minister   and   presidential   secretary   for   political   affairs ,    was   sentenced   to   two   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Michael   Borgen    -    who   described   himself   as    ' Australia ’ s   Magic   Mike '     -    will   soon   learnif   he   will   spend   any   time   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   seven - week   stint   dealing   cocaine .
Michael   Borgen    -    who   described   himself   as    ' Australia ’ s   Magic   Mike '     -    will   soon   learnif   he   will   spend   any   time   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   seven - week   stint   dealing   cocaine .
Masood   Akhtar ,    whom   till   recently   resided   in   a   slum ,    nevertheless   wakes   as   much   as   nightmares   associated   with   the   time   he   had   been   beaten   up   because   of   the   police   and   place   IDbehindbarsID   through   the   1992 - 93   Mumbai   riots .
Almena   has   been   awaiting   his   re - trial   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Santa   Rita   Jail   in   Dublin   which   has   reported   11   COVID - 19   cases   among   its   inmates .
The   public   health   crisis   could   build   a   legal   backlog   that   overwhelms   courts   across   the   country ,    leaving   some   defendants   IDbehindbarsID   longer ,    and   forcing   prosecutors   to   decide   which   cases   to   pursue   and   which   to   let   slide .
The   suspension   of   legal   deadlines   after   the   natural   disaster   left   thousands   languishing   IDbehindbarsID   for   months   without   formal   charges ,    attorneys   say .
Attorneys   are   wary   of   visiting   their   clients   in   jails   for   fear   of   contracting   the   virus   or   spreading   it   IDbehindbarsID .
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   fame   as   the   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
" More   than   half   the   population   has   been   cleared   by   the   Pentagon   for   transfer ,    yet   they   remain   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   Congress - imposed   restrictions   or   because   they   cannot   be   returned   to   their   countries   of   citizenship   for   fear   they   will   be   tortured   or   killed   upon   their   return .  "
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
The   government   has   sought   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID   on   an   continuing   detention   order .
Republicans   start   second   night   of   convention   with   Donald   Trump   pardoning   a   convicted   bank   robber   who   found   God   IDbehindbarsID   in    ' surprise '    move   ahead   of   First   Lady   Melania ' s   speech
If   convicted ,    he   faces   up   to   nine   years   and   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID .
For   21   years ,    Lewis   spent   his   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    incarcerated   for   a   murder   he   didn ’ t   commit .
Two   men   allegedly   involved   in   an   auto   theft   scheme   targeting   Latinos   are   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   another   suspect   remains   at   large   and   is   believed   to   be   in   the   San   Diego   area ,    authorities   said   Wednesday .
He   has   remained   IDbehindbarsID   since   then .
For   21   years ,    Terrance   Lewis   spent   his   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    incarcerated   for   a   murder   didn ’ t   commit
For   21   years ,    Lewis   spent   his   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    incarcerated   for   a   murder   he   didn ’ t   commit .
For   21   years ,    Terrance   Lewis   spent   his   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    incarcerated   for   a   murder   didn ’ t   commit
Moon   was   found   guilty   on   two   counts   of   sexual   assault ,    second - degree   kidnapping ,    and   first - degree   assault ,    and   Judge   C .    Michelle   Brinegar   sentenced   him   to   128   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   perpetrator   was   sentenced   to   128   years   IDbehindbarsID .
If   convicted ,    Pyzh   could   face   up   to   8   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Dangerous   paedo   dies   IDbehindbarsID
Epstein ,    66 ,    faced   sex - trafficking   charges   at   the   time   of   his   death   last   year   and   was   awaiting   trial   in   a   case   that ,    if   convicted ,    could   have   put   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   several   years   before   his   August   10   jail - cell   suicide .
" I   did   not   know   how   to   write   lyrics   and   melodies   until   I   was   put   IDbehindbarsID .
The   71 - year - old   was   serving   time   in   a   low - security   federal   prison   in   Pennsylvania   after   being   sentenced   to   7 . 5   years   IDbehindbarsID .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
As   he   spent   his   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Williams   explained   that   while   he   was   physically   imprisoned ,    he   never   let    " his   mind   go   to   prison .  "
A    “ high   risk ”    paedophile   who   was   due   to   be   released   from   jail   tomorrow   for   the   heinous   crimes   he   committed   against   multiple   young   boys ,    will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   not   present   for   the   two -    day   hearing   and   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   while   seven   of   Australia ' s   top   judges   consider   his   fate .
He   was   not   present   for   the   two - day   hearing   and   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   while   seven   of   Australias   top   judges   consider   his   fate . A   court   official   told   AFP   it   typically   took   between   three   to   six   months   for   a   decision   in   cases   where   judgment   had   been   reserved .
However ,    as   the   man   had   no   previous   criminal   history   and   the    " exceptional   circumstances '    of   his   intellectual   impairment ,    Mr   Long   ordered   it   be   served   by   way   of   an   intensive   correction   order   instead   of   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   IDbehindbarsID   After   Domestic   Dispute   Turns   Deadly
A   man   charged   with   stabbing   another   in   the   face   multiple   times   over   a   taxi   dispute   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   until   October .
One   year   ago :    Mexican   drug   kingpin   Joaquin    " El   Chapo "    Guzman   was   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   U . S .    prison .
Northern   Cape   family   farm   murders :    5   accused   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
Bad   checks ,    bad   IDs   and   bad   deals   spanning   East   Texas   and   Arkansas   have   put   a   couple   IDbehindbarsID .
One   of   your   colleagues   who   was   indicted   and   thrown   IDbehindbarsID   the   other   day ,    is   he   not   a   so   called   ordained   pastor ?
No   Pollyanna   about   prison   life ,    Pica   notes   that   he   earned   his   master ’ s   degree   IDbehindbarsID ,    setting   up   his   post - incarceration   career   of   helping   prisoners   earn   college   degrees .
NEW   YORK    —    Coronavirus   has   become   a    “ get   out   of   jail "    card   for   hundreds   of   low - level   inmates   across   the   country ,    and   even   hard - timers   are   seeking   their   freedom   with   the   argument   that   it ' s   not   a   matter   of   if   but   when   the   deadly   illness   sweeps   through   tightly   packed   populations   IDbehindbarsID .
While   widespread   outbreaks   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID   have   yet   to   happen ,    the   frenzy   of   legal   activity   underscores   a   crude   reality   that ' s   only   beginning   to   sink   in :    America ' s   nearly   7 , 000   jails ,    prisons   and   correction   facilities   are   an   ideal   breeding   ground   for   the   virus ,    as   dangerous   as   nursing   homes   and   cruise   ships   but   far   less   sanitary .
Stepped - up   cleanings   and   a   temporary   halt   to   visitations   at   many   lockups   across   the   country   in   the   midst   of   the   crisis   can ' t   make   up   for   the   fact   that   ventilation   IDbehindbarsID   is   often   poor ,    inmates   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   a   small   number   of   bathrooms .
Smith   was   accused   of   ordering   the   killing   of   Carol   Ashcom ,    30 ,    who   Smith   believed   was   a   confidential   police   informant   who   had   helped   put   him   IDbehindbarsID   on   drug   charges .
Stanislaus   County   Sheriff ' s   Department ,    DA   fight   to   keep   some   inmates   IDbehindbarsID   amid   pandemic
Nanticoke   man   IDbehindbarsID   after   drug   bust
THE   driver   linked   to   the   tragic   death   of   popular   schoolgirl   Nilly   Mooney   has   been   handed   the   maximum   jail   term   able   to   be   imposed   in   a   magistrates   court   and   will   spend   the   next   year   IDbehindbarsID .
Ironmonger   was   sentenced   to   four   years '    jail ,    suspended   immediately   after   he   had   served   a   bit   more   than   two   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Harvey   Weinstein   is   reportedly   being   filmed    " non - stop "    while   in   prison   in   a   bid   to   prevent   injury   or   death   IDbehindbarsID .
A   govt   who   puts   doctors   IDbehindbarsID   speaking   on   covid   shows   immaturity .
Her   advocacy   group ,    which   works   with   female   inmates ,    is   calling   on   the   federal   government   to   release   some   offenders   so   as   to   allow   easier   physical   distancing   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   step   she   says   provinces   have   taken   more   readily   than   Ottawa .
Former   Schuylkill   County   prison   guard   to   go   IDbehindbarsID   for   drug   smuggling
He   pleaded   guilty   late   last   year   and   has   already   served   months   IDbehindbarsID .
If   convicted ,    she   could   face   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID . The   district   attorney   said   the   other   officer ,    Brosnan ,    26 ,    is   cooperating   with   prosecutors   and   will   testify .
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
Footage   shows   rights   activists   staging   a   protest   holding   banners   while   demanding   that   the   former   soldier   is   kept   IDbehindbarsID .
MANILA ,    Philippines    ( AP )     —    A   U . S .    Marine   convicted   in   the   2014   killing   of   a   transgender   Filipino   woman   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   while   her   family   and   the .  .  .
TAMPA ,    Fla    —    A   30 - year - old   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   the   Tampa   Police   Department   says   he   violently   attacked   a   woman   in   the   early   hours   of   July   5   while   posing   as   her   Uber   driver .
A   Chicago   man   who   just   got   out   of   DuPage   County   jail   Thursday   night   is   now   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   stealing   a   county   truck .
If   Anderson   and   Nelson   are   convicted ,    they   face   up   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
From   IDbehindbarsID ,    hear   three   stories   of   transformation    -    CNN
The   court   heard   he   had   served   55   days   IDbehindbarsID   and   would   need   to   serve   four   months   before   being   released   on   probation   for   a   year .
Peter   was   put   IDbehindbarsID   later   for   allegedly   being   involved   in   the   murder .
Washington ,    Jun   23    ( efe - epa )  .  -    President   Donald   Trump   on   Tuesday   threatened   people   who   vandalize   monuments   and   historic   statues   with   10   years   IDbehindbarsID ,  .  .  .
Stanislaus   County   Sheriff ' s   Department ,    DA   fight   to   keep   some   inmates   IDbehindbarsID   amid   pandemic
Lawyers   for   Michelle   Janavs ,    who   is   supposed   to   report   to   prison   next   month ,    said   in   a   legal   filing   that   she   has   a   health   condition   that   makes   her   particularly   vulnerable   if   she   were   to   get   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Toby   Macfarlane ,    a   former   real   estate   executive   from   Del   Mar ,    California ,    was   released   Tuesday   to   home   confinement   after   his   lawyers   argued   the   conditions   IDbehindbarsID   put   him   at   serious   risk   of   contracting   the   virus .
Her   lawyers   noted   that   Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Lawyers   for   Michelle   Janavs ,    who   is   supposed   to   report   to   prison   next   month ,    said   in   a   legal   filing   that   she   has   a   health   condition   that   makes   her   particularly   vulnerable   if   she   were   to   get   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
The   rampage   put   Williams   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   when   she   was   sentenced   in   the   Christchurch   District   Court ,    no   time   was   added   to   the   prison   term   she   was   currently   serving   for   the   aggravated   robberies .
Toby   Macfarlane ,    a   former   real   estate   executive   from   Del   Mar ,    California ,    was   released   Tuesday   to   home   confinement   after   his   lawyers   argued   the   conditions   IDbehindbarsID   put   him   at   serious   risk   of   contracting   the   virus .
Her   lawyers   noted   that   Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
District   Attorney   Cyrus   Vance   Jr .    said   in   a   statement   on   Monday   that   his   office   had   charged   Amy   Cooper   with   falsely   reporting   the   confrontation ,    a   misdemeanor   that   carries   a   maximum   penalty   of   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
South   Africa :    Bogus   Security   Guard   IDbehindbarsID   for   Car   Hijacking
The   resumption   comes   as   the   federal   prison   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   at   least   one   death   at   USP   Terre   Haute ,    where   they   will   take   place .
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hilary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID
Donald   Trump   Jr .    poses   with   AR - 15   rifle   featuring   images   of   Hillary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID   and   Jerusalem    ' crusader '    cross   but   spokesman   says   it ' s   NOT   a   statement   about   his   father ' s   angry   clash   with   Iran ' s   Islamist   regime
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hilary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID    |    WBOY . com
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hilary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID    |    CBS   42
The   killer ,    71 ,    who   was   in   Australia   from   his   native   England   on   a   visa   when   he   attacked   two   young   women   and   brutally   murdered   nurse   Noreen   Hannon ,    has   spent   35   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   wants   to   return   to   his   native   Lancashire .
Ms   Hannon ' s   boyfriend   at   the   time ,    Michael   Maher ,    has   continued   to   fight   to   keep   Whiteoak   IDbehindbarsID ,    representing   her   family   in   court .
The   State   of   NSW   wants   Whiteoak   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   and   had   argued   that   if   he   won   his   argument ,    it   could   lead   to   the   conclusion   all   foreign   inmates   who   would   be   deported   on   release   should   automatically   be   granted   parole   when   they   become   eligible .
Surrenders   for   Year   IDbehindbarsID
Both   would   reduce   the   number   of   nonviolent   people   the   state   is   holding   IDbehindbarsID   when   they   should   be   in   treatment   or   training   programs   and   supporting   their   families
If   convicted ,    he   faces   up   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
Christmas   IDbehindbarsID    -    No   bail   for   Kinnear   murder   accused
A   prison   officer   has   lifted   the   lid   on   notorious   paedophile   Douglas   Jackway ’ s   life   IDbehindbarsID    –    where   he   preyed   on   the   weak ,    but    ‘ shit   himself ’    when   faced   with .  .  .
32 - year - old   Ali   was   sentenced   to   a   superficially   impressive    ( by   the   standards   of   British   justice ,    at   least )    26 - year   extended   sentence ,    including   18   years ’    immediate   custody   and   an   additional   eight   years   on   licence   after   release    -  -    but   as   with   most   British   sentences ,    the   headline   numbers   haven   proven   misleading ,    with   rights   to   automatic   early   release   on   licence   and   other   anti -    prison   provisions   kicking   in   well   before   he   had   served   even   a   single   decade   IDbehindbarsID .
( KTSM )     -    A   Ju á rez   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   authorities   say   he   was   illegally   in   possession   of   a   tiger   that   was   freely   roaming   a   Ju á rez   colonia ,    frightening   residents .
Medical   services   IDbehindbarsID   have   long   been   substandard   and   even   hand   sanitiser   is   considered   contraband   in   some   facilities   because   of   its   alcohol   content .
But   the   threat   posed   by   Covid - 19   IDbehindbarsID   extends   well   beyond   prison   walls .
No   masks ,    sanitiser   as   virus   spreads   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   US
One   year   later ,    a   new   trial   is   being   sought   in   the   20 - year - old   murder   case ,    for   which   2   men   remain   IDbehindbarsID   and   continue   to   assert   their   innocence .
If   convicted ,    he   faces   up   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
In   the   2000s ,    he   spent   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   Russia   on   kidnapping   charges   he   dismissed   as   fabricated .
He   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   in   Texas .
“ Flattening   the   curve ”    requires   everyone   to   do   their   part ,    but   that ’ s   hard   to   do   IDbehindbarsID .
The   Brazilian   former   Fifa   player   of   the   year   has   been   released   after   more   than   a   month   IDbehindbarsID   but   ordered   to   serve   house   arrest   at   a   luxury   hotel   while   he   is   investigated   for   using   a   fake   passport   to   enter   the   country .
We   catch   up   with   Sierra ,    and   she   is   also   going   through   a   serious   legal   situation   that   could   land   her   IDbehindbarsID   for   12 - months .
" It   would   make   sense   to   me   that   for   the   kind   of   behavior   shown   on   the   video   and   audio   that   Travis   Schoenborn   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    Hendricks - Pitsch   said .
" It   would   be   the   least   that   could   bring   some   form   of   justice   to   our   victim   and   it   would   be   a   deterrent   if   others   saw   that   he   actually   spent   time   IDbehindbarsID .  "
Murder   plea   in   shooting   puts   Winston - Salem   man   IDbehindbarsID   for   at   least   14   years
The   killer   was   sentenced   in   October   last   year   to   36   years   IDbehindbarsID   but   must   spend   at   least   three   decades   behind   bars   before   he   is   eligible   for   parole .
Traywick ,    who   normally   operates   under   pen   name   Swift   Justice ,    founded   an   organization   called   Unheard   Voices   OTCJ   and   works   with   a   group   called   the   Free   Alabama   Movement   to   describe   conditions   IDbehindbarsID .
This   is   an   ill - considered   gambit   that   releases   violent   criminals   who   were   put   IDbehindbarsID   without   parole   for   a   reason ,    goes   around   established   sentencing   guidelines   at   the   time   of   the   crime   and   disrespects   the   families   of   victims .
Addison   was   given   credit   for   208   days   already   spent   IDbehindbarsID   toward   the   prison   sentence .
I - Team :    Surveillance   footage   helps   put   sexual   assault   suspect   IDbehindbarsID
A   52 - year - old   Wildwood   man   found   himself   IDbehindbarsID   Tuesday   after   he   was   caught   driving   without   a   license   in   Marion   County .
An   ex - Livingston   County   judge   who   was   removed   from   office   and   convicted   of   perjury   is   now   IDbehindbarsID ,    although   in   a   different   county .
Warden   who   was   in   charge   when   Jeffrey   Epstein   died   IDbehindbarsID   is   quietly   given   a   top   job   at    ' Club   Fed '    prison    -    despite   Bill   Barr   ordering   him   assigned   to   a   lowly   desk   job
Can   she   cope   IDbehindbarsID   or   will   she   give   up   the   good   fight ?
A   month   IDbehindbarsID   was   the    “ wakeup   call ”    a   convicted   thief   needed   according   to   his .  .  .
Sobs   could   be   heard   echoing   across   the   courtroom   from   Middleton ' s   girlfriend   as   Judge   Nadim   said   that   he   would   suspend   the   criminal ' s   sentence   instead   of   locking   him   IDbehindbarsID .
MARSHALL   COUNTY ,    Ala .     —    A   man   who   called   authorities   to   report   an   unattended   death   Monday   ended   up   IDbehindbarsID   himself   on   sex   abuse   charges .
WICHITA   FALLS    ( KFDX / KJTL )     —    A   Texas   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   admitted   to   police   that    " I   raped   my   best   friend "  .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ’ s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID .
A   25 - year - old   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   connection   with   the   death   of   his   5 - year -    old   daughter ,    nearly   a   year   after   the   his   girlfriend   was   arrested   in   the   child ' s   death .
cases   of   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   as   Ohio ,    in   large   part   because   no   other   state   has   tested   as   many   inmates   as   Ohio .
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   Ohio   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
LISBON :    The   ex - president   of   Sporting   Lisbon   was   acquitted   on   Thursday   of   inciting   a   violent   attack   by   fans   on   the   soccer   team ' s   players   two   years   ago ,    as   the   Portuguese   court   sentenced   nine   of   the   attackers   to   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   each .
The   ex - president   of   Sporting   Lisbon   was   acquitted   on   Thursday   of   inciting   a   violent   attack   by   fans   on   the   soccer   team ' s   players   two   years   ago ,    as   the   Portuguese   court   sentenced   nine   of   the   attackers   to   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   each .
If   you   had   done   it   if   I   had   done   it   we   would   be   in   IDbehindbarsID   right   now .  "
If   most   people ,    particularly   people   of   color ,    had   done   what   a   police   officer   did   late   Monday ,    they ’ d   already   be   IDbehindbarsID .
Harvey   Weinstein   faces   life   IDbehindbarsID   as   criminal   trial   starts   in   New   York
John   Brittain   murdered   four   people   in   a   mid - day   rampage   in   2019 ;    will   likely   spend   rest   of   life   IDbehindbarsID
SUWON ,    South   Korea ,    Oct .    16    ( Yonhap )     -  -    A   thief   caught   stealing   eggs   earlier   this   year   due   to   economic   hardships   caused   by   the   coronavirus   outbreak   has   been   sentenced   by   a   local   court   to   one   year   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   court   said   Friday .
John   Brittain   was   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   on   Thursday ,    Oct .    15 ,    and   will   serve   25   years   before   getting   a   chance   at   parole .
IDbehindbarsID :    Lincolnshire   criminals   locked   up   in   November
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
" We   should   not   be   taking   these   people   and   put   them   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    Abbott   said .
A   man   who   had   been   questioned   by   police   over   the   death   of   his   girlfriend ,    and   had   attempted   to   smuggle   drugs   up   his   bottom   will   spend   more   time   IDbehindbarsID .
He   said   that   mothers   aren ’ t   eager   to   take   their   children   to   see   a   parent   IDbehindbarsID   and   are   often   agitated   by   regulations   over   what   they   can   wear   during   visits .
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
BOSTON    ( AP )     —    The   former   CEO   of   a   top   investment   company   who   got   nine   months   in   prison   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   asked   a   judge   if   he   could   begin   his   sentence   at   home   because   of   the   risk   of   catching   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
For   Greenwood ,    David   Camidge   said   he   had    " fairly   severe "    ongoing   mental   health   problems   and   prison   life   was   harder   during   the   pandemic   because   of   extra   restrictions   IDbehindbarsID .
GREEN ,    Ohio    (    WJW )  -    A   Summit   County   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   detectives   say   they   found   child   porn   on   his   home   computer .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
He   pleaded   guilty   in   January   2019   to   a   downgraded   charge   of   criminal   trespass   and   was   freed   that   week   after   already   spending   more   than   540   days   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Turkish   court   has   ruled   that   human   rights   activist   Osman   Kavala   must   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Loughlin ,    55 ,    has   agreed   to   serve   two   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   Giannulli ,    56 ,    has   agreed   to   serve   five   months   under   the   deal   that   must   be   approved   by   the   judge .
( KLFY )  -  -    A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   say   he   poured   gasoline   on   his   girlfriend   and   threatened   to   set   her   on   fire .
He ' s   now   IDbehindbarsID   awaiting   arraignment   on   charges   of   criminal   homicide ,    criminal   conspiracy ,    robbery   and   possession   of   a   firearm   by   a   minor .
This   story   has   been   corrected   to   show   that   Adnan   Khan   spent   16   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   current   law   carries   a   mandatory   minimum   sentence   of   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
This   is   true   to   a   point ,    I   suppose ,    but   if   the   theory   were   air - tight ,    Michael   Cohen   wouldn ’ t   be   IDbehindbarsID .
President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   personal   lawyer   has   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director ,    saying   he ' s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
Wesley   Snipes   on   the   Value   of   Money   and   Lessons   From   IDbehindbarsID
A   Maclean   man   will   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   sentenced   for   assaulting   a   paramedic   who   was   trying   to   keep   him   alive   on   his   way   to   hospital
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   in   the   same   California   prison   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers . Balsamo   reported   from   Washington . Copyright   2020   The   Associated   Press .
She ' ll   remain   locked   up   at   the   Metropolitan   Detention   Centre   until   the   hearing ,    when   a   judge   will   determine   if   she ' ll   stay   IDbehindbarsID   until   her   trial   or   be   granted   bail .
Cross - dressing   serial   killer   Reginald   Arthurell   has   been   released   from   Long   Bay   prison   after   spending   the   last   23   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
In   a   bid   to   limit   the   spread   of   new   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID ,    Los   Angeles   County   Sheriff   Alex   Villanueva   has   already   ordered   the   release   of   about   1 , 700   inmates   from   local   jails ,    leaving   about   15 , 000   people   locked   in   those   facilities .
The   department ' s   memorandum   came   in   response   to   an   emergency   petition   filed   Monday   with   the   state   Supreme   Court   by   the   Rhode   Island   Public   Defender   requesting   that   the   court   issue   an    " extraordinary "    order   directing   District   and   Superior   court   judges   to   release   inmates   facing   90   days   or   less   IDbehindbarsID .
Anthony   is   a   man   at   a   crossroads ,    teetering   between   feeling   nothing   and   everything   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Four   More   Days   IDbehindbarsID   For    ' Fraud '    Suspect   Prophet   Bushiri
His   alleged   criminal   activity   has   continued   from   IDbehindbarsID ,    with   multiple   instances   over   the   years   where   Bassam   Hamzy   has   been   accused   of   directing   gang   business   and   running   a   drug   ring .
Bassam   Hamzy ’ s   cousin   was   shot   dead   in   an   attack   from   fellow   gang   members   in   2013 ,    and   his   aunt   Maha   Hamze   was   sprayed   with   bullets   over   a   debt   collection   deal   Bassam   Hamzy   had   made   IDbehindbarsID .
Vets   are   expected   to   file   all   the   right   paperwork    —    and   do   it   from   IDbehindbarsID .
Robert   Greifinger   is   a   physician   who   spent   25   years   working   on   health   care   issues   inside   the   nation ' s   prisons   and   jails ,    and   he   says   the    " social   distancing "    advice   we ' re   all   hearing   right   now   isn ' t   so   simple   IDbehindbarsID .
The   Pearl   Harbour   star   said   on   Instagram   she   was    ' relieved '    the   Miramax   boss   was   finally   IDbehindbarsID
African   American   death   row   inmate   who   argued   he   was   falsely   convicted   by   a   racist   juror   who   questioned   if    ' black   people   have   souls '    has   died   IDbehindbarsID    *  [ ASX ]  :    Australian   Stock   Exchange
African   American   death   row   inmate   who   argued   he   was   falsely   convicted   by   a   racist   juror   who   questioned   if    ' black   people   have   souls '    has   died   IDbehindbarsID
African   American   death   row   inmate   who   argued   he   was   falsely   convicted   by   a   racist   juror   who   questioned   if    ' black   people   have   souls '    has   died   IDbehindbarsID
She   felt   helpless   IDbehindbarsID .
U . S .    Sen .    Rand   Paul ’ s   former   neighbor   was   resentenced   Monday   to   an   extra   seven   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   six   months   in   home   detention   for   tackling   and   injuring   the   Kentucky   lawmaker   over   a   lawn   care   dispute .
She   felt   helpless   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   given   credit   for   the   30   days   he ’ s   already   served   IDbehindbarsID .
She   felt   helpless   IDbehindbarsID .
A   big   man   with   a   bald   head ,    Mam   talks   relatively   openly   about   the   years   he   spent   IDbehindbarsID   for   drug   dealing ,    breaking   and   entering   and   other    " stuff   like   that .  "
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
l   l   l   Little   Joe ’ s   grandfather ,    David   Hart ,    then   addressed   the   court ,    telling   Powers   he   deserved   more   time   IDbehindbarsID   than   the   sentence   provided .
Saudi   to   Host   Women ’ s   Summit   While   Women   Activists   Sit   IDbehindbarsID    *  [ ASX ]  :    Australian   Stock   Exchange
Saudi   Arabia   to   Host   Women ’ s   Summit   While   Women   Activists   Sit   IDbehindbarsID    *  [ ASX ]  :    Australian   Stock   Exchange
Berhman ' s   father ,    Eric   Behrman ,    said   he   was   overjoyed   by   the   news   that   Myers   will   stay   IDbehindbarsID   and   that   after   two   decades   he ' s   hopeful   the   court   battles   and   appeals   process   are   finally   over .
Man   IDbehindbarsID   after   brother   stabbed    |    Whitsunday   Times
A   dad   will   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID   after   running   over   a   delivery   driver   while   stealing   his   ute .
Bernie   Madoff   should   die   IDbehindbarsID   for   his    ' extraordinar .  .  .
( Mundelein ,    IL )    A   Palatine   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   fatal   hit   and   run   in   Mundelein .
US   jails   and   prisons   are    ' fertile   grounds   for   infectious   disease '    and   preventing   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID   will   be   a   challenge ,    say   experts
US   jails   and   prisons   are    ' fertile   grounds   for   infectious   disease '    and   preventing   the   spread   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID   will   be   a   challenge ,    say   experts ,    Business   Insider    -    Business   Insider   Singapore
Remorseless   Bernie   Madoff   should   be   left   to   die   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .
Other   than   serving   time   IDbehindbarsID   for   years ,    he   was   additionally   obligated   to   register   as   a   intercourse   offender   in   New   York   on   the   time .
Abdul - Majeed   Marouf   Ahmed   Alani ,    60 ,    was   sentenced   to   37   months   IDbehindbarsID   Wednesday   after   pleading   guilty   in   December   to   using   a   piece   of   foam   to   sabotage   a   Boeing   737   at   Miami   International   Airport   because   he   was   upset   over   the   airline ’ s   stalled   union   contract   negotiations ,    according   to   the   US   Attorney ’ s   Office   for   the   Southern   District   of   Florida .
She   was   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID .
Possessing   or   trying   to   buy   more   than   10   milligrams   of   fentanyl   would   mean   up   to   seven   years   in   prison   or   five   to   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   20   milligrams   or   more .
Jarrett   was   sentenced   to   12   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    with   a   non - parole   period   of   six   months .
He   has   been   sentenced   to   22   years   IDbehindbarsID .
SALT   LAKE   COUNTY    ( ABC4 )     -    ACLU   of   Utah   Staff   Attorney ,    Aaron   Kinikini ,    is   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   shooting   at   a   vehicle   containing   one   woman   and   three   children .
title :     " Amish   brothers ,    22   and   18 ,    who   admitted   they   and   their   two   younger   siblings   had   sex   with   their   13 - year - old   sister   and   got   her   pregnant   AVOID   jail   time   because   prosecutors   feared   they   would    ' be   eaten   alive '    IDbehindbarsID "  ,
However ,    Mr   Williams   ordered   Knight   to   remain   in   custody   despite   the   possibility   of   him   remaining   IDbehindbarsID   for   an   extended   period   of   time   as   a   result   of   delays   in   court   proceedings   as   a   result   of   COVID - 19 .
Living   IDbehindbarsID   is   expensive   for   inmates   and   their   families ,    Dermody   said .
A   U . S .    judge   says   the   IRS   can ' t   keep   withholding   coronavirus   relief   payments   from   incarcerated   people ,    potentially   clearing   the   way   for   at   least   80 , 000   checks   totaling   more   than    $ 100   million   to   be   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   United   States .
But   for   those   IDbehindbarsID   who   didn ' t   file   a   tax   return   in   2018   or   2019 ,    another   deadline   is   looming    —    they   have   until   Oct .    15   to   send   a   written   application   for   the   relief   checks ,    or   they   may   not   receive   them   at   all .
There   are   roughly   1 . 5   million   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   U . S .
Karen '    goes   to   jail :    Ex - social   worker ,    54 ,    filmed   screaming   racial   slurs   in   two   separate   incidents   in   Southern   California   faces   45   days   IDbehindbarsID
BOISE ,    Idaho    ( AP )     —    A   U . S .    judge   says   the   IRS   can ’ t   keep   withholding   coronavirus   relief   payments   from   incarcerated   people ,    potentially   clearing   the   way   for   at   least   80 , 000   checks   totaling   more   than    $ 100   million   to   be   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   United   States .
LUMBERTON    -  -    Two   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   tonight   in   connection   to   a   fatal   shooting   that   took   place   Thursday   on   Quail   Run   Road   in   Lumberton
Joseph   DeAngelo ,    a   former   police   officer   who   was   arrested   in   2018   after   authorities   identified   him   through   DNA ,    appeared   before   his   surviving   victims   and   the   relatives   of   those   he   is   accused   of   killing   in   order   to   accept   a   plea   deal   that   spares   him   the   death   penalty   but   will   almost   certainly   leave   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
The   federal   prison   in   Indiana   where   the   executions   would   take   place ,    USP   Terre   Haute ,    has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
The   star   was   originally   facing   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   after   taking   a   plea   deal ,    was   looking   at   spending   four   to   seven   years   in   jail .
The   star   was   originally   facing   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   after   taking   a   plea   deal ,    was   looking   at   spending   four   to   seven   years   in   jail .
The   tradesman ,    who   is   facing   a   maximum   penalty   of   two   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    appeared   via   video   link   from   jail   with   an   Arabic   interpreter .
The   tradesman ,    who   is   facing   a   maximum   penalty   of   two   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    appeared   via   video   link   from   jail   with   an   Arabic   interpreter .
And   Klobuchar ' s   office   put   Tyesha   Edwards '    killer    -  -    a   black   teen    -  -    IDbehindbarsID   for   life .
The   defense   attorney ,    Kevin   Reddington ,    argued   that   his   client   should   not   serve   any   time   IDbehindbarsID .
The   coronavirus   crisis   IDbehindbarsID
A   man   accused   of   raping ,    strangling   and   robbing   a   Sunshine   Coast   woman   at   knifepoint   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   at   least   seven   weeks .
Journalists   in    # Turkey   already   spend   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   critical   reporting    &    social   media   users   tweet   in   fear .
He   had   spent   28   years   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   time   of   filming .
Both   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Deputy   Inspector   Michael   King   started   Monday   as   commander   of   the   NYPD ' s   Special   Victims   Division ,    the   same   unit   that   put   film   producer   Harvey   Weinstein   IDbehindbarsID .
We   often   talk   about   the   bad   choices   that   offenders   make ,    the   choices   that   put   them   IDbehindbarsID .
" title "     :     " Joe   Exotic   Speaks   Out   on   Fame   From   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
" title "     :     " Joe   Exotic   Speaks   Out   on   Fame   From   IDbehindbarsID "
" socialTitle "     :     " Joe   Exotic   Speaks   Out   on   Fame   From   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
" shortTitle "     :     " Joe   Exotic   Speaks   Out   on   Fame   From   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
Congressional   leaders   and   prison   advocates   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet   away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
" publishTitle "     :     " Joe   Exotic   Speaks   Out   on   Fame   From   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
BALTIMORE )     -  -    Eraina   Pretty   is   the   longest - serving   female   inmate   in   the   Maryland   corrections   system   and   in   those   42   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    her   daughter   said   she   has   helped   countless   inmates .
The   judge   denied   the   motion   and   ordered   that   Alazo   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
LI   News   Radio   IDbehindbarsID   for   40   years ,    Maryland   woman   seeks   release   due   to   COVID - 19    -    LI   News   Radio
Timothy   McVeigh   was   executed   in   2001 ;    co - conspirator   Terry   Nichols   remains   IDbehindbarsID ,    serving   a   life   sentence .
On   Tuesday ,    Ryan   Steven   Gaskins ,    who   was   already   IDbehindbarsID   for   an    " unrelated   matter ,  "    was   indicted   on   murder ,    second - degree   assault   and   strangulation   charges .
A   dad   will   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID   after   running   over   a   delivery   driver   while   stealing   his   ute .
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ' s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   Uribe ' s   senator   cousin .
They ' re   searching   the   property '  :    Lori   Vallow   and   Chad   Daybell ' s   panicked   phone   call   minutes   before   cops   found   bodies   of   her   two   kids   in   his   yard   is   revealed   as   the    ' cult '    leader   celebrates   his   52nd   birthday   IDbehindbarsID   with   pot   pies
Metro :    Suspect   IDbehindbarsID   after   crashing   into   local   bar
Two   weeks   ago ,    a   convicted   murderer   who   also   had   been   released   from   Rikers   Island   over   coronavirus   concerns   was   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   trying   to   rob   a   bank   in   lower   Manhattan   on   April   7 ,    the   Daily   News   reported .
On   February   21   Abbott   was   sentenced   to   serve   life   in   prison    -    and   will   serve   a   minimum   of   28   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   accused ,    Anthony   Cromwell   Jr .  ,    was   among   thousands   of   inmates   freed   across   the   country   in   an   effort   to   slow   the   coronavirus ’ s   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
Her   charge   to   protect   public   safety   includes   ensuring   the   health   and   safety   of   those   IDbehindbarsID ,    Gardner   said   in   an   interview .
A   Brooklyn   man   was   arrested   Saturday   for   allegedly   sexually   assaulting   a   woman   just   10   days   after   he   was   released   from   Rikers   Island   over   concerns   about   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   a   report .
Man ’ s    ‘ foolish ’    jail   escape   lands   more   time   IDbehindbarsID    |    Morning   Bulletin
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ' s   entrance   exam   answers .
Prisoner ’ s   plot   to   get   drugs   IDbehindbarsID
John   Fury   has   called   out   Mike   Tyson ,    made   legendary   rants   against   the    ' sickos '    who   criticise   his   son ,    had   hundreds   of   brutal   bare - knuckle   fights   and   spent   time   IDbehindbarsID   for   eye - gouging
Huffman   pleaded   guilty   and   briefly   served   time   IDbehindbarsID   last   year .
On   his   release   from   Bangkok   Remand   Prison   on   Friday   evening ,    Mr   Jatupat   called   for   freedom   for   the   other   eight   core   protesters   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   Mr   Parit ,    Ms   Panusaya   and   Mr   Panupong .
Her   friends   say   they   expect   the   case   to   be   dismissed ,    but   say   Thai   courts   move    “ painfully   slow .  ”    They   don ’ t   want   Ashley   spending   time   IDbehindbarsID   waiting   for   a   court   date .
One   of   the   Men   Trump   Just   Granted   a   Second   Chance   Was   IDbehindbarsID   Thanks   to   Biden ’ s   Crime   Bill
He   was   IDbehindbarsID   with   his   bail   refused .
Morant   and   Valdez   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   now ,    with   Queens   District   Attorney   Melinda   Katz   planning   retrials .
It   said   keeping   the   notorious   paramilitary   IDbehindbarsID   until   at   least   2024   would    “ constitute   an   interference   with   the   physical   liberty   of   the   prisoner   and   could   only   arise   under   clear   authority   of   the   law ”  ,    and   in   its   view   this   could   not   be   implied .
Iron   Mike '    has   largely   remained   quiet   on   his   stint   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   told   rapper   Fat   Joe   he   kept   himself   to   himself .
Despite   his   rehabilitation ,    the   celebrity   status   he   had   earned   earlier   on   in   his   career   remained   and   he   was   visited   by   Tupac   Shakur   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Thompson ,    who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   the   incident ,    will   be   sentenced   on   July   22 .
The   process   is   underway   for   a   limited   release   of   just   over   200   Ohio   prisoners ,    including   pregnant   inmates   or   women   with   children   with   them   IDbehindbarsID ,    inmates   over   60 ,    and   prisoners   eligible   for   early   release   because   their   sentences   are   nearly   done .
A   federal   judge   in   New   York   on   Tuesday   denied   R & B   singer   R .    Kelly ' s   request   for   release   from   jail   in   Chicago   because   he   was   concerned   he   could   contract   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Even   if   they   were   to   be   released   from   treason   and   Sub - Inspector   Ramahloko   trial ,    they   could   still   remain   IDbehindbarsID   as   they   face   several   other   charges   including   the   June   2015   murder   of   army   commander ,    Lt - Gen   Maaparankoe   Mahao .
Given   what   we   know   about   his   life   and   crimes   before   he   went   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   idea   that   the   intervening   five   years   between   Campbell ’ s   2008   sentencing   and   the   2013   commencement   of   his   legal   fight   to   get   the   state   of   Wisconsin   to   pay   for   his   gender   reassignment   surgery   made   him   functional   enough   would   be   risible   if   it   weren ’ t   so   infuriating .
N3   bus   crash :    Accused   truck   driver   to   spend   Xmas   IDbehindbarsID
An   Oregon   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   connection   to   his   alleged   involvement   in   the   2004   killing   of   Rebekah   Christian   Gould .
William   Alama   Miller ,    44 ,    is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Lane   County   Jail   in   Eugene ,    Oregon ,    awaiting   extradition   to   Arkansas .
Fire   brute   remains   IDbehindbarsID
A   former   fire   chief   and   mayoral   candidate   for   the   City   of   Lumberton   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   Lamar   County .
Dad   Notices   Toddler   Is   Moving   Slower   Than   Usual ,    Mom   IDbehindbarsID   After   Drug   Test   Reveals   the   Sick   Truth
The   federal   prison   in   Indiana   where   the   executions   would   take   place ,    USP   Terre   Haute ,    has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
The   four   former   police   officers ,    who   face   up   to   40   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    will   have   the   chance   to   plead   guilty   or   not   guilty   at   the   hearing .
Leo   Varadkar   promises   to    ' put   IDbehindbarsID '    murderers   of   Keane   Mulready - Woods
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Lil   Wayne   Pleads   Guilty ,    Set   To   Get   Up   to   10   Years   IDbehindbarsID   Over   Gun   Possession
Sentences   for   parents   who ' ve   pleaded   guilty   range   from   no   prison   time   to   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID .
And   he   will   be   a   formidable   foe   for   prosecutors   looking   to   put   the   famous   couple   IDbehindbarsID ,    former   colleagues   say .
And   he   will   be   a   formidable   foe   for   prosecutors   looking   to   put   the   famous   couple   IDbehindbarsID ,    former   colleagues   say .
DC   sniper ,    35 ,    serving   life   in   prison   for   killing   10   people   in   2002   gets   MARRIED   IDbehindbarsID   as   adviser   says   gunman   has    ' grown   into   an   adult '
DC   sniper ,    35 ,    serving   life   in   prison   for   killing   10   people   in   2002   gets   MARRIED   IDbehindbarsID   as   adviser   says   gunman   has    ' grown   into   an   adult '
Sentences   for   parents   who ' ve   pleaded   guilty   range   from   no   prison   time   to   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID .
He   faces   up   to   29   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   raping   an   aspiring   actress   in   2013   and   forcibly   performing   oral   sex   on   a   TV   and   film   production   assistant   in   2006 .
CPSO :    Mooringsport   man   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   killing   his   3 - month - old   nephew
Shreveport   man   IDbehindbarsID   for   violent   crimes   against   girlfriend
On   May   20 ,    just   one   week   later ,    he   faced   trial ,    an   unusually   swift   process   in   a   country   where   suspects   often   languish   for   months   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   convicted .
Roy   Charles   Waller ,    a   serial   rapist   who   terrorized   northern   California   for   at   least   15   years ,    will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID .
TX   Supreme   Court   orders   Alfred   Brown ,    wrongfully   convicted   of   murder ,    be   compensated   for   time   IDbehindbarsID
After   spending   close   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Noosa ’ s   Christmas   Day   rapist   walked   away   from   prison   on   Thursday   a   free   man .
VALPARAISO    —    A   46 - year - old   Portage   man ,    who   served   nearly   16   years   in   prison   for   attempting   to   kill   his   estranged   wife   and   is   still   on   probation   in   that   case ,    is   back   IDbehindbarsID   and   facing   multiple   counts   of   strangulation   and   domestic   battery .
Vasquez   was   sentenced   in   the   same   courtroom   in   1997   to   35   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   found   guilty   of   attempting   to   kill   his   estranged   wife   by   repeatedly   stabbing   her   June   21 ,    1996 ,    with   a   butcher   knife   at   the   BP   gas   station   along   the   Indiana   Toll   Road   where   she   worked .
The   Kurdish   HDP   has   been   largely   suppressed ,    its   leadership   and   a   third   of   its   membership   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   its   elected   officials   mostly   removed   from   their   posts .
Youngest   ever   paid   FBI   drug   informant    ' White   Boy   Rick '  ,    51 ,    is   released   from   prison   after   32   years    -    having   spent   his   whole   adult   life   IDbehindbarsID
UPDATE    |    Joseph   Devore   is   now   in   IDbehindbarsID   in   Columbia   County .
A   leading   human   rights   group   says   the   coronavirus   has   struck   several   Egyptian   prisons   and   killed   several   detainees ,    as   authorities   seek   to   stifle   news   of   the   virus ’ s   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
CAIRO    ( AP )     —    The   coronavirus   has   infected   people   inside   several   Egyptian   prisons   and   killed   at   least   14   detainees ,    as   authorities   seek   to   stifle   news   of   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   leading   human   rights   watchdog   said   Monday .
It   chronicles   the   story   of   Sean   K .    Ellis ,    who   spent   almost   22   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   crime   he   didn ' t   commit    -    the   murder   of   Boston   Police   Detective   John   Mulligan .
Gatton   Tiger   IDbehindbarsID   charged   with   supplying   meth
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Many   2020   Democrats   support   allowing   felons   to   vote   after   their   jail   terms ,    and   the   only   person   besides   Sanders   to   indicate   she   would   be   open   to   allowing   felons   to   vote   from   IDbehindbarsID   is   Warren .
Kelly ’ s   attorneys   say   he   should   be   under   house   arrest   and   electronically   monitored   instead   of   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Thursday   court   filing   by   his   lawyers   states   the   scant   precautions   to   stem   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   put   Kelly ’ s   life   at   risk .
High   end   bike   thief   IDbehindbarsID
ee   we ' ll   have   more   detials   on   that   story   a   suspect   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   police   chase   ended   in   a   6 -    hour   armed   standoff   in   a   lake   in   sturgis .
Well - known   anti - masker   arrested   and   IDbehindbarsID
ee   a   suspect   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   police   chase   ended   in   a   6 -    hour   armed   standoff   in   a   lake   in   sturgis .
The   report   includes   vendors   that   stock   commissaries   with   Cup   Noodles   and   Tide   laundry   detergent ,    along   with   contracted   health   care   providers   that   have   been   sued   for   providing   limited   or   inadequate   coverage   to   those   IDbehindbarsID .
But   he   was   shocked   to   learn   just   how   many   big - name   companies   were   involved   and   how   much   was   being   made   off   not   only   those   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   also   their   families    —    a   particularly   poignant   concept   during   the   pandemic .
Couple   convicted   in   Ayudando   Guardians   case   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
Stimulus   payments   made   to   those   IDbehindbarsID   should   be   returned ,    IRS   says    |    Fox   59
More   than   20 , 000   inmates   have   been   infected   and   295   have   died   nationwide ,    at   Rikers   Island   in   New   York   City   and   at   state   and   federal   lockups   in   cities   and   towns   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
Stimulus   payments   made   to   those   IDbehindbarsID   should   be   returned ,    IRS   says
Men   and   women   IDbehindbarsID   in   at   least   40   states   continue   to   work ,    sometimes   earning   next   to   nothing   to   make   masks   and   hand   sanitizer   to   help   guard   others   from   the   pandemic .
Men   and   women   IDbehindbarsID   in   at   least   40   states   continue   to   work ,    sometimes   earning   next   to   nothing   to   make   masks   and   hand   sanitizer   to   help   guard   others   from   the   pandemic .
Men   and   women   IDbehindbarsID   in   at   least   40   states   continue   to   work ,    sometimes   earning   next   to   nothing   to   make   masks   and   hand   sanitizer   to   help   guard   others   from   the   pandemic .
As   of   Wednesday ,    May   6 ,    2020 ,    more   than   20 , 000   inmates   have   been   infected   by   the   COVID - 19   coronavirus   and   295   have   died   nationwide ,    at   Rikers   Island   and   at   state   and   federal   lockups   in   cities   and   towns   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
Man   charged   with   pandering   while   IDbehindbarsID
The   court   ordered   him   held   IDbehindbarsID   until   September   6 .
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
But   prisons   are   a   particular   concern   because   social   distancing   is   virtually   nonexistent   IDbehindbarsID ,    inmates   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   bathrooms   with   strangers .
The   killer ' s   own   son   Jamie   Jnr   was   also   sentenced   to   four   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   2019   after   knifing   a   pal   outside   a   supermarket .
It   has   landed   him   IDbehindbarsID .
He   could   be   looking   at   about   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   court ,    where   his   lawyer   said   the   case   belongs .
Federal   convictions   often   result   in   longer   prison   sentences ,    and   sedition   alone   can   lead   to   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Oklahoma   man   gets   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   hit   and   run   manslaughter
SCRANTON    -  -    Former   police   officer   Mark   Icker ,    who   was   accused   of   sexually   assaulting   women   while   on - duty   in   both   Luzerne   and   Lackawanna   counties ,    will   spend   15   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    court   records   show .
The   group   for   years   has   documented   cases   of   critics   of   Rwanda ’ s   government   being   killed   overseas ,    apprehended   under   unclear   circumstances   or   dying   IDbehindbarsID .  “ In   Rwanda ,    history   over   the   past   20 - plus   years   shows   that   there   is   unfortunately   a   wide   variety   of   things   that   the   Rwandan   government   can   do   beyond   prison ,  ”    said   Endless ,    a   U . S .  - based   professor .
The   group   for   years   has   documented   cases   of   critics   of   Rwanda ' s   government   being   killed   overseas ,    apprehended   under   unclear   circumstances   or   dying   IDbehindbarsID .
The   group   for   years   has   documented   cases   of   critics   of   Rwanda ' s   government   being   killed   overseas ,    apprehended   under   unclear   circumstances   or   dying   IDbehindbarsID .
The   group   for   years   has   documented   cases   of   critics   of   Rwanda ' s   government   being   killed   overseas ,    apprehended   under   unclear   circumstances   or   dying   IDbehindbarsID .
“ When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ’ s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ’ re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
EVERETT ,    Wash .     ( AP )     -  -    A   man   who   served   a   month   in   jail   for   running   from   Everett   police   will   serve   no   more   time   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   case   that   prompted   the   police   department   to   clarify   its   policy   about   a   technique   to   pin   suspects .
Lucchese   mobster   Anthony    ' Gaspipe '    Casso    -    who   murdered   at   least   40   people    -    dies   IDbehindbarsID   at   78   while   serving   a   life   sentence ,    a   month   after   contracting   COVID - 19
Prisons   are   a   particular   concern   because   social   distancing   is   virtually   nonexistent   IDbehindbarsID ,    prisoners   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   bathrooms ,    and   each   prison   has   varying   policies   on   personal   protective   equipment   and   who   gets   it .
He   said   he   has   no   firm   knowledge   that   points   to   transfers   as   the   culprit   in   spreading   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
The   court   heard   Maynard - Ellis   and   Leesley   had   already   spent   577   days   IDbehindbarsID   on   remand .
Smith   remains   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   Western   New   York   prison .
Prison   officials   across   the   United   States   are   taking   steps   to   keep   the   virus   from   spreading   rapidly   IDbehindbarsID ,    ranging   from   halting   in - person   visits   and   screening   correctional   officers   for   signs   of   illness .
While   Staples   was   IDbehindbarsID ,    police   linked   him   to   five   other   murders   in   Charlotte ,    including   the   death   of   beloved   sandwich   house   owner   Scott   Brooks .
If   convicted   of   the   most   serious   charge ,    Warzecha   faces   the   possibility   of   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
A   teenager   who   told   authorities   that   he   launched   a   fatal   shooting   attack   on   his   suburban   Denver   school   last   year   with   a   classmate   because   he   wanted   them   to   experience   trauma   like   that   he   had   experienced   was   sentenced   on   Friday   to   life   in   prison   plus   38   years   with   the   possibility   of   parole   after   about   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
The   former   Barcelona   and   AC   Milan   star   faces   up   to   six   months   in   a   police   cell   near   some   of   the   country ’ s   most   dangerous   criminals   after   a   judge   decided   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID .
A   protest   organized   by   various   community   groups   including   Michigan   Abolition   and   Prisoner   Solidarity   caravanned   around   St .    Louis   today   to   draw   awareness   to   what   they   say ,    doesn ' t   just   affect   those   IDbehindbarsID .
After   serving   11   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Skakel   was   freed   on    $ 1 . 2   million   bail   when   a   judge   overturned   his   conviction   in   2013 ,    saying   his   trial   lawyer   failed   to   adequately   represent   him .
After   serving   11   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Skakel   was   freed   on    $ 1 . 2   million   bail   when   a   judge   overturned   his   conviction   in   2013 ,    saying   his   trial   lawyer   failed   to   adequately   represent   him .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
understanding   of   injustice   in   the   courts ,    of   genius   languishing   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   the   very
A   27 - year - old   man   identified   as   Inalegwu   Ochekwu   of   Otukpo   town   in   Otukpo   Local   Government   Area   of   Benue   State   is   cooling   his   heels   IDbehindbarsID   for   raping   a   10 - year - old   girl   known   as   Franca .
understanding   of   injustice   in   the   courts   of   genius   languishing   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   very
Former   vice   president   Gary   Schultz ,    67 ,    was   sentenced   to   6   to   23   months ,    with   two   months   IDbehindbarsID .  "
The   day   that   my   three   children ,    all   under   the   age   of   12   at   the   time ,    experienced   a   shooting   right   outside   their   school   in   our   small   town   of   Culbertson ,    I   knew   I   had   to   do   more   to   put   violent   criminals   IDbehindbarsID .
But   after   that   shooting ,    Christie   and   I   knew   that   if   we   wanted   our   kids   to   grow   up   feeling   safe   and   secure ,    we   had   to   do   more   to   stop   the   drug   epidemic   and   put   violent   criminals   IDbehindbarsID .
Lockdown   violation   lands   34   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   Noida
Red   Dragon   is   special   because   it   both   transcended   and   revolutionised   a   genre ,    turning   the   tortured   criminal   profiler   and   the   Machiavellian   evil   genius   operating   from   IDbehindbarsID   into   ubiquitous   tropes   while   also   setting   a   benchmark   for   both   that   has   yet   to   be   topped .
Of   course   it ’ s   not   the   first   drama   about   women   IDbehindbarsID    ( bring   back   Bad   Girls !  )
Together   their   chemistry   is   palpable   and   it ’ s   the   ultimate   TV   bromance    ( Ant   and   Dec   are   great ,    but   how   many   criminals   have   they   put   IDbehindbarsID ?
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
Donald   Trump   Jr .    poses   with   AR - 15   rifle   featuring   images   of   Hillary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID   and   Jerusalem    ' crusader '    cross   but   spokesman   says   it ' s   NOT   a   statement   about   his   father ' s   angry   clash   with   Iran ' s   Islamist   regime
A   man   who   pretended   to   be   a   woman   living   at   a   domestic   violence   shelter   when   he   lured   a   drug   dealer   to   his   death   has   been   sentenced   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   prosecution   would   like   to   see   the   assailants   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   five   to   13   years ,    according   to   French   news   agency   AFP .
The   prosecution   would   like   to   see   the   assailants   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   five   to   13   years ,    according   to   French   news   agency   AFP .
Dismantle   her   criminal   empire   and   put   this   superpowered   lunatic   IDbehindbarsID ,    so   she   can ’ t   slaughter   her   way   through   any   more   warehouses   full   of   security   guards   or   torture   any   more   suspects   for   information !     ”
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    A   group   of   women   who   say   they   were   victimized   by   Harvey   Weinstein ,    including   one   who   testified   at   his   trial ,    have   endorsed   former   prosecutor   Lucy   Lang   to   replace   the   Manhattan   district   attorney   who   put   the   movie   mogul   IDbehindbarsID .
FRESNO ,    California    ( KSEE )     -    The   Fresno   County   Jail   will   be   getting   a   multi -    million - dollar   boost   to   help   control   the   COVID - 19   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID .
The   attorney ,    Abdel   Moneim   Abdel   Maqsoud ,    said   Essam   el - Erian ,    66 ,    had   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   2013 ,    following   the   military   overthrow   of   Egypt ' s   first   democratically - elected   president ,    Mohamed   Morsi ,    who   hailed   from   the   Brotherhood ' s   ranks .
El - Erian   is   not   the   first   Muslim   Brotherhood   leader   to   die   IDbehindbarsID .
The   man   will   spend   the   next   few   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Even   if   he   did   do   it ,    Jill   isn ' t   willing   for   Billy   to   serve   time   IDbehindbarsID .
The   professor ,    Bo   Mao ,    had   been   charged   with   conspiring   to   defraud   Silicon   Valley ’ s   CNEX   Labs   and   faced   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   76 - year - old   Mackay   man   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID
He   remained   IDbehindbarsID   Tuesday ,    held   in   lieu   of    $ 127 , 000   bond   pending   a   Canton   Municipal   Court   hearing .
About   18 , 000   people   are   still   IDbehindbarsID .
They   added   that   prisoners   found   with   phones   can   face   an   extra   two   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   single   mum - of - four ,    from   Gillingham ,    Kent ,    told   Fabulous :     “ He ' s   IDbehindbarsID   but   he ' s   proud   of   himself   for   what   he ’ s   done .
" For   us   it   is   a   matter   of   being   there   and   saying ,     ` This   is   not   being   done   in   our   name ;    we   do   not   want   this ,  '  "    said   relative   Monica   Veillette . The   federal   prison   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   contain   the   exploding   number   of   coronavirus   cases   IDbehindbarsID .
No   Pollyanna   about   prison   life ,    Pica   notes   that   he   earned   his   master ' s   degree   IDbehindbarsID ,    setting   up   his   post - incarceration   career   of   helping   prisoners   earn   college   degrees .
Conman   who   duped   elderly   couple   in   419    ' inheritance '    scam   gets   15   years   IDbehindbarsID
And   even   hard -    timers   are   seeking   their   freedom   with   the   argument   that   it ’ s   not   a   matter   of   if   but   when   the   deadly   illness   sweeps   through   tightly   packed   populations   IDbehindbarsID .
Judge   Tina   Landale   said   he   had   showed    " no   remorse "    as   she   sentenced   him   to   21   months   IDbehindbarsID .
This   grad   student   started   college   IDbehindbarsID .
The   Crown   is   asking   for   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   while   the   defence   is   seeking   a   suspended   sentence .
That   sentence   will   run   consecutive   to   a   two - year   probation   sentence   in   a   second   case    —    which   Kramer   noted   had   it   not   been   stipulated   as   probation   in   the   plea   it   likely   would   have   been   more   time   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   his    “ horrible   history   on   probation .  ”
Steven   Jones   had   faced   up   to   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   October   2015   death   of   Colin   Brough ,    20 .
The   federal   prison   system   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
The   federal   prison   system   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Raceland   man   has   been   ordered   to   serve   12   years   IDbehindbarsID   this   week   after   pleading   guilty   to   shooting   at   a   house   last   year ,    prosecutors   said .
She   was   therefore   released   on   bail   after   almost   a   month   IDbehindbarsID .
Ex - Trump   lawyer   IDbehindbarsID   again   after   dispute   over   gag   order    - attorney    |    Law - Order
Hays   Co   law   enforcement   agree   to   more   citations   instead   of   jail   with   COVID - 19   rise   IDbehindbarsID
But   perhaps   most   striking   was   how   they   took   aim   at   prosecutors   for   their   role   in   convictions   that   put   the   wrongly   accused ,    many   Black   homicide   defendants ,    IDbehindbarsID   for   up   to   20   years .
Pedophile ' s   Heinous   Crimes   Earned   Him   1 , 000   Years   IDbehindbarsID ,    But   State   Law   Is   Allowing   Him   To   Walk   Early
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
Bella   Rose   Giannulli   relaxes   at   luxe   resort   while   parents   are   IDbehindbarsID
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Tonight ’ s   efforts   to   put   him   back   IDbehindbarsID   did   not   go   as   planned .
They   want   to   put   him   IDbehindbarsID   much   longer   than   he   was   before .
He   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   at   Southwestern   Regional   Jail .
He   was   arraigned   by   Logan   County   Magistrate   Dwight   Williamson   on   a    $ 50 , 000   cash - only   bond   and   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   at   Southwestern   Regional   Jail   as   of   press   time .
Ex - NMB   councillor   Andile   Lungisa   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    bail   bid   to   be   heard   Monday
James   told   reporters   he   is   innocent   and   will   be   out   of   jail   soon ,    but   prosecutors   are   trying   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID .
Changing   lives   IDbehindbarsID   in   Desoto   County
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Cocky   Caerphilly   teenage   cocaine   dealers   IDbehindbarsID
Dzhokar   Tsarnaev   is   now   IDbehindbarsID   at   a   high - security   supermax   prison   in   Florence ,    Colorado .
A   notorious   mafia   boss   has   been   set   free   on   Thursday ,    April   16 ,    2020   as   Turkish   prisons   continue   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   in   prisons   amid   the   coronavirus   pandemic   but   the   new   penal   legislation   is   keeping   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   Turkey ’ s   sweeping   terror   laws .
ISTANBUL    ( AP )     -  -    An   organized   crime   boss   serving   a   prison   sentence   in   Turkey   was   set   free   Thursday   as   Turkish   authorities   continued   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   during   the   coronavirus   pandemic   while   moving   to   keep   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID .
The   one - time   god - emperor   of   GW   Exotic   Park   is   still   IDbehindbarsID   in   Oklahoma   serving   a   22 - year   sentence   for   hiring   a   hitman   to   murder   Carole   Baskin ,    killing   five   tigers   and   selling   tiger   cubs .
A   decade   IDbehindbarsID   does   not   do   him ,    or   America ,    justice .
At   least   85   journalists   are   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   the   Journalists '    Union   of   Turkey .
ISTANBUL    ( AP )     -  -    An   organized   crime   boss   serving   a   prison   sentence   in   Turkey   was   set   free   Thursday   as   Turkish   authorities   continued   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   during   the   coronavirus   pandemic   while   moving   to   keep   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID .
Negotiations   are   apparently   underway   for   Joe   to   host   a   radio   show   from   IDbehindbarsID ,    Passage   said   this   week .
ISTANBUL    ( AP )     -  -    An   organized   crime   boss   serving   a   prison   sentence   in   Turkey   was   set   free   Thursday   as   Turkish   authorities   continued   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   during   the   coronavirus   pandemic   while   moving   to   keep   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID .
The   party ' s   deputy   chairman ,    Engin   Ozkoc ,    said   the   law   unjustly   frees   prisoners    " who   hurt   the   public   conscience "    while   keeping    " the   ones   holding   pens "    IDbehindbarsID .
Lowe   helped   put   Joe   Exotic   IDbehindbarsID   and   now   runs   the   Tiger   King ’ s   former   empire .
At   least   85   journalists   are   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   the   Journalists '    Union   of   Turkey .
A   notorious   mafia   boss   has   been   set   free   on   Thursday ,    April   16 ,    2020   as   Turkish   prisons   continue   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   in   prisons   amid   the   coronavirus   pandemic   but   the   new   penal   legislation   is   keeping   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   Turkey ’ s   sweeping   terror   laws .
At   least   85   journalists   are   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   the   Journalists '    Union   of   Turkey .
He   is   reportedly   in   talks   to   host   a   radio   show    —    which   he   would   broadcast   despite   being   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   his   husband   Dillon   Passage .
A   notorious   mafia   boss   has   been   set   free   on   Thursday ,    April   16 ,    2020   as   Turkish   prisons   continue   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   in   prisons   amid   the   coronavirus   pandemic   but   the   new   penal   legislation   is   keeping   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   Turkey ’ s   sweeping   terror   laws .
ISTANBUL    ( AP )     —    An   organized   crime   boss   serving   a   prison   sentence   in   Turkey   was   set   free   Thursday   as   Turkish   authorities   continued   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   during   the   coronavirus   pandemic   while   moving   to   keep   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID .
The   party ' s   deputy   chairman ,    Engin   Ozkoc ,    said   the   law   unjustly   frees   prisoners    " who   hurt   the   public   conscience "    while   keeping    " the   ones   holding   pens "    IDbehindbarsID .
The   party ' s   deputy   chairman ,    Engin   Ozkoc ,    said   the   law   unjustly   frees   prisoners    " who   hurt   the   public   conscience "    while   keeping    " the   ones   holding   pens "    IDbehindbarsID .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   fame   as   the   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   fame   as   the   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Ronaldinho   RELEASED   from   Paraguayan   jail   after   32   days   IDbehindbarsID   on   fake   passport   charge    *     < source
Ronaldinho   RELEASED   from   Paraguayan   jail   after   32   days   IDbehindbarsID   on   fake   passport   charge
Iran   releases    ' political   prisoners '    amid   Covid - 19   outbreak ,    while   Assange   is   still   kept   IDbehindbarsID   in   virus - stricken   UK
Sufiyan   Ahmed   and   Daniel   Mohammed   are   now   IDbehindbarsID
He   told   the   House   of   Representatives   that   the   first   24   such   inmates   will   be   moved   in   an   effort   to   cripple   the   continuation   of   criminal   activity   from   IDbehindbarsID .
Dr   Chang   said   a   recent   double   murder   in   rural   Jamaica   was   one   example   of   incidents   engineered   by   individuals   IDbehindbarsID .
" That   act   was   caught   on   camera ,    and   through   Crime   Stoppers ,    he ' s   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    Sheriff   Carmine   Marceno   said .
Now   69 ,    diminished   by   a   battle   with   cancer   and   facing   the   prospect   of   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   man   widely   known   by   his   police   alias   Josu   Ternera   says   he   is   sorry   for    “ irreparable   damage ”    caused   by   ETA   violence   as   it   sought   to   build   an   independent   state   straddling   the   Pyrenees   mountain   range   between   Spain   and   France .
He   led   ETA   in   the   late   1980s ,    was   arrested   in   1989   and   spent   the   next   11   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   France   and   Spain .
Prosecutors   rely   on   enhanced   sentences   to   ensure   victims   are   safe   and   offenders   are   IDbehindbarsID ,    Masilon   said .
Judge   James   Burke   ignored   the   pleas   of   Weinstein ' s   defense   team   to   give   their   client   the   minimum   of   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Weinstein   faces   at   least   five   years   and   up   to   29   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   convicted   of   raping   an   aspiring   actress   in   2013   and   forcibly   performing   oral   sex   on   a   TV   and   film   production   assistant   in   2006 .
Advocating   for   the   minimum   five   year   prison   sentence .  .  .  .    weinstein   faces   as   many   as   29   years   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .  .    as
Judge   rejects   pleas   of   Hollywood   producer ' s   defense   team   to   give   their   client   the   minimum   of   five   years   IDbehindbarsID
Although   they   faced   extensive   abuse   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   time   they   served   laid   bare   the   horrific   conditions   in   Mississippi ' s   state   prisons .
Harvey   Weinstein   arrived   at   court   in   a   wheelchair   for   the   final   act   of   the   rape   trial   that   landed   him   IDbehindbarsID :    the   sentencing   that   will   send   the   once - powerful   film   producer   to   prison   for   his   landmark    # MeToo   conviction .
Weinstein   faced   at   least   five   years   and   up   to   29   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   landmark    # MeToo   case .
Across   the   country ,    those   IDbehindbarsID   have   been   hit   hard   by   the   pandemic   and   many   prisons   have   been   identified   by   US   officials   as   coronavirus   hotspots .
He ' s   also   serving   a   25 - year   murder   sentence   IDbehindbarsID .
He   also   noted   that   it   would   mean   Pawlowski   would   serve   less   time   IDbehindbarsID   than   his   campaign   manager ,    Mike   Fleck ,    who   pleaded   guilty   to   bribery   and   tax   offenses .
A   woman   who   was   locked   up   for   five   months   in   a   Spanish   prison   after   her   arrest   in   the   college   admissions   bribery   scheme   won ’ t   spend   any   more   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   judge   ruled   Monday .
He   was   given   an   extra   four   months   IDbehindbarsID   after   admitting   three   counts   possession   of   drugs    -    two   for   class   A   and   one   for   class   B    -    in   connection   with   crack   cocaine ,    heroin   and   cannabis   being   found   on   him   when   he   was   arrested   on   September   27 ,    2019 .
On   Monday ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
A   judge   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   helping   kill   a   disabled   man   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
A   man   who   cyberstalked   and   sent   threatening   messages   to   families   of   Parkland   shooting   victims   has   been   sentenced   to   more   than   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
A   man   who   cyberstalked   and   sent   threatening   messages   to   families   of   Parkland   shooting   victims   has   been   sentenced   to   more   than   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
A   perverted   exhibitionist   who   gets   off   on   shocking   women   by   exposing   himself   and   masturbating ,    but   you   can   help   put   him   IDbehindbarsID   where   the   only   audience   he ' ll   get   in   lock - up   will   have   no   tolerance   for   his   disgusting   behavior .
The   man   who   crashed   into   a   western   Sydney   hijab   shop   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   after   facing   court   on   Saturday   on   a   string   of   driving   offences .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
The   investigation   was   reopened   earlier   this   year   after   Dennis   Perry ,    convicted   in   the   shooting   deaths ,    was   released   from   prison   after   being   IDbehindbarsID   for   20   years .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
I   hope   that   now   Millan   is   IDbehindbarsID   they   can   move   on   with   their   lives   while   he   has   plenty   of   time   to   reflect   on   his   sickening ,    abhorrent   behaviour .  ’
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
The   State   Judicial   Council   did   allow   exceptions   to   the   zero   bail   releases   for   violent   offenders ,    but   it   appears   from   the   DA   list   that   many   of   those   the   DA   wants   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID   are   facing   only   traffic   offenses .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
Rumors   circulated   that   Orange   would   be   lynched   IDbehindbarsID .
He   spent   30   years   IDbehindbarsID   before   he   was   exonerated .
Bennett   later   reduced   her   punishment   to   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    which   she ' s   currently   serving   at   a   federal   prison   in   Minnesota .
The   judge   said   the   victim ' s   intoxicated   state ,    Sauvager ' s    " disregard "    in   providing   her   safe   transport ,    his   shifting   of   blame   and   his    " complete   lack   of   sympathy   for   the   victim "     –    until   he   apologized   in   court   on   Wednesday    –    made   his   crime   deserving   of   an   upward   departure   from   discretionary   state   sentencing   guidelines ,    which   called   for   no   more   than   three   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Speaking   with   ET ,    the   powerful   singer   is   reflecting   on   what   kept   him   going   for   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
Williams   wowed   the   world   with   his   performance   during   the   America ' s   Got   Talent   season   15   premiere   on   Tuesday ,    and   he   spoke   with   ET ' s   Kevin   Frazier   about   the   experience ,    and   what   it   was   like   getting   freed   just   over   a   year   ago   after   more   than   three   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   handed   Middleton   a   12   month   jail   term ,    ordering   the   first   three   be   served   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   remainder   be   suspended   for   two   years .
( KLFY )     -  -    A   New   Iberia   man   will   spend   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   another   two   of   supervised   release   after   being   convicted   as   a   felon   being   in   possession   of   a   firearm .
Tanker    ' hijackers '    may   face   a   life   IDbehindbarsID    |    Daily   Mail   Online
articleTitle :     ' Tanker    \  ' hijackers \  '    may   face   a   life   IDbehindbarsID '  ,
Youngest   ever   paid   FBI   drug   informant    ' White   Boy   Rick '  ,    51 ,    is   released   from   prison   after   32   years    -    having   spent   his   entire   adult   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   non - violent   drug   crime
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
The   bribery   charge   carries   a   maximum   10 - year   prison   term ,    while   the   tax   count   carries   up   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Burglary   gang   put   IDbehindbarsID   after   breaking   into   homes   in   Huntingdonshire   in   six - week   crime   spree
Washington   DC   is   set   to   allow   imprisoned   people   to   vote ,    a   significant   move   because   US   states   have   long   disenfranchised   those   with   felony   convictions ,    even   after   they   have   served   their   sentences   IDbehindbarsID .
Large   item   thefts   on   rise ,    suspects   IDbehindbarsID    -    The   Lewis   County   Herald
Saxon   was   last   year   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   murder   but   later   appealed   the   verdict .
Large   item   thefts   on   rise ,    suspects   IDbehindbarsID    »
Large   item   thefts   on   rise ,    suspects   IDbehindbarsID
Losing   and / or   jettisoning   mail   is   a   pretty   serious   thing ,    however ,    something   that   could   land   you   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    particularly   if   this   is   a   matter   motivated   by   politics .
Urrutikoetxea   led   ETA   in   the   late   1980s ,    was   arrested   in   1989   and   spent   the   next   11   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   France   and   Spain .
Now   69 ,    diminished   by   a   battle   with   cancer   and   facing   the   prospect   of   spending   the   twilight   of   a   life   devoted   to   Basque   independence   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   man   widely   known   by   his   police   alias   Josu   Ternera ,    or    “ The   Calf ,  ”    says   he ’ s   sorry   for   the    “ irreparable   damage ”    caused   by   ETA   violence   as   it   sought   to   build   an   independent   state   straddling   the   Pyrenees   mountains   between   Spain   and   France .
When   this   virus   gets   IDbehindbarsID ,    it   runs   like   wildfire ,  ’    experts   warn
CORINTH    -    An   Alcorn   County   man   will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   pleading   guilty   last   week   to   a   2018   murder   and   robbery .
The   judge   denied   the   motion   before   sentencing   Crehan   to   life   IDbehindbarsID .
The   virus   has   been   rampant   in   prisons   and   jails   across   the   country ,    and   U . S .    Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Former   Tory   prime   minister   Theresa   May ’ s   bid   to   ensure   killer   drivers   face   life   IDbehindbarsID   has   been   blocked   in   the   Commons .
ESCONDIDO ,    Calif .     -  -    Police   say   a   man   is   finally   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   crime   spree   in   North   County ,    but   that   he   could   have   landed   in   jail   much   sooner   if   not   for   the   state ' s    " zero   bail "    policy   in   place   during   the   COVID - 19   pandemic .
Father   who   shook   his   seven - week   old   baby   so   violently   the   boy   was   left   with   permanent   disabilities   is   thrown   IDbehindbarsID   for   six   years
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
After   spending   close   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Noosa ’ s   Christmas   Day   rapist   walked   away   from   prison   on   Thursday   a   free   man .
PENN   YAN    —    The   punishment   for   Barrington ’ s   former   code   enforcement   officer   does   not   include   any   time   IDbehindbarsID .
After   serving   16   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Huynh   says   he ' s   built   a   successful   janitorial   business   that ' s   committed   to   hiring   fellow   ex - felons .
Three   IDbehindbarsID   Following   Violent   Robbery ,    Attack ,    State   Po .  .  .
Thief   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   caught   trying   to   steal   Range   Rover   from   gated   estate
NANTICOKE ,    Pa .     -    One   person   is   IDbehindbarsID   and   officers   are   looking   for   two   others   after   what   the   police   say   may   be   a   series   of   burglaries .
They   also   ordered   him   to   pay   a   fine   of   1   billion   rupiah    (  $ 72 , 885 )    or   serve   two   more   months   IDbehindbarsID .
They   also   ordered   him   to   pay   a   fine   of   1   billion   rupiah    (  $ 72 , 885 )    or   serve   two   more   months   IDbehindbarsID .
They   also   ordered   him   to   pay   a   fine   of   1   billion   rupiah    (  $ 72 , 885 )    or   serve   two   more   months   IDbehindbarsID .
They   also   ordered   him   to   pay   a   fine   of    $ 72 , 885   or   serve   two   more   months   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Jurors   in   Harvey   Weinstein ’ s   rape   trial   ended   their   first   day   of   deliberations   Tuesday   with   lots   of   questions   and   no   verdict   in   the   landmark    # MeToo   case   that   could   put   the   once - powerful   Hollywood   producer   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
Rod   Blagojevich   for   political   corruption ,    clearing   the   way   for   his   release   after   more   than   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Shreveport   woman   IDbehindbarsID   for   forgery ,    filing   false   public   records
Rod   Blagojevich   for   political   corruption ,    clearing   the   way   for   his   release   after   more   than   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Famously   fastidious   about   his   dark   hair   as   governor ,    Blagojevich ' s   hair   turned   white   IDbehindbarsID   because   hair   dyes   are   banned   in   prison .
After   exhausting   his   last   appeal   in   2018 ,    Blagojevich   seemed   destined   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   projected   2024   release   date .
Rod   Blagojevich   for   political   corruption ,    clearing   the   way   for   his   release   after   more   than   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Famously   fastidious   about   his   dark   hair   as   governor ,    Blagojevich ' s   hair   turned   white   IDbehindbarsID   because   hair   dyes   are   banned   in   prison .
Refugio   Ruiz - Cortez   would   receive   a    $ 400 , 000   settlement   from   the   city   after   spending   more   than   a   decade   IDbehindbarsID   on   a   drug   conviction   tainted   by   testimony   from   corrupt   former   Officer   Greg   Lewellen ,    who   later   was   convicted   of   a   lengthy   drug   trafficking   conspiracy .
After   exhausting   his   last   appeal   in   2018 ,    Blagojevich   seemed   destined   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   projected   2024   release   date .
The   man ,    who   cannot   be   named   for   legal   reasons ,    no   longer   works   at   the   facility   and   is   IDbehindbarsID   awaiting   his   next   court   date .
The   federal   prisons   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   stem   the   exploding   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
Love   After   Lockup   star   Alla   Subbotina   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   less   than   a   month   after   her   Christmas   Eve   release .
Prison   officials   have   long   warned   of   the   danger   of   what   an   outbreak   could   mean   IDbehindbarsID ,    with   isolation   and   social   distancing   difficult   in   the   institutions '    confined   spaces .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
The   continued   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   has   advocates   and   lawmakers   talking   once   again   about   how   to   address   the   air - conditioning   issue .
Sobs   could   be   heard   echoing   across   the   courtroom   from   Middleton ’ s   girlfriend   as   Judge   Nadim   said   that   he   would   suspend   the   criminal ’ s   sentence   instead   of   locking   him   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin    ' is   keeping   her   head   down   and   doing   everything   to   avoid   trouble '    in   prison   as   she   prepares   for   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID
Barber   may   be   stuck   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   there   is   a   delight   in   being   able   to   screw   with   the   system   through   other   means .
Hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   in   coronavirus   relief   payments   have   been   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   United   States ,    and   now   the   IRS   is   asking   state   officials   to   help   claw   back   the   cash   that   the   federal   tax   agency   says   was   mistakenly   sent .
A   year   later ,    they   both   remain   IDbehindbarsID . Frank   Barefield   with   Crime   Stoppers   said   the   community   stood   up   for   Kamille .  “ We   got   over   400   tips .
Social   media   prank   lands   5   IDbehindbarsID   in   Texarkana
After   being   arrested   by   cops ,    Sergeev   spent   one   year   IDbehindbarsID   while   investigators   concluded   the   probe .
Gangland   thugs   are   feared   to   have   ordered   the   strike    —    amid   claims   it   is   linked   to   the   drug   trade   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   then   sentenced   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    one   of   which   he   has   already   spent   during   the   investigation   period .
They   remain   IDbehindbarsID   after   refusing   bail   conditions   that   meant   the   two   men   could   not   attend   today ' s   protest .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Traywick ,    who   normally   operates   under   pen   name   Swift   Justice ,    founded   an   organization   called   Unheard   Voices   OTCJ   and   works   with   a   group   called   the   Free   Alabama   Movement   to   describe   conditions   IDbehindbarsID .
In   other   prisoner   news ,    Vassilis   Dimakis ,    the   anarchist   prisoner   who   is   conducting   a   long   hunger   strike   in   order   to   demand   the   right   to   continue   his   studies   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   been   segregated   from   other   prisoners   in   an   attempt   to   silence   him   and   break   his   spirit .
The   state   has   taken   disciplinary   measures   against   at   least   11   women   since   then   while   refusing   to   make   any   changes   to   the   awful   conditions   and   poor   hygiene   in   the   prison ,    communicating   a   new   will   to   heighten   brutality   and   repression   IDbehindbarsID .
This   story   has   been   corrected   to   show   that   Adnan   Khan   spent   16   years   IDbehindbarsID .
This   story   has   been   corrected   to   show   that   Adnan   Khan   spent   16   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Coronavirus   keeps   Texas   prisoners   approved   for   parole   IDbehindbarsID
But   it   was   still   too   serious   of   a   crime   to   not   have   any   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    Starrett   said ,    adding   there   needs   to   be   a   deterrent   for   future   young   professionals   to   avoid   committing   the   same   type   of   crimes .
Michael   Cohen   is   FREED   by   judge   who   says   putting   him   back   IDbehindbarsID   was    ' retaliatory '    attempt   to   stop   tell - all   book   revealing   Donald   Trump ' s   race   slurs
2Families   of   Sick   Prisoners   Plead   for   Compassionate   Release   as   Coronavirus   Spreads   IDbehindbarsID   in   Texas
To   date ,    DeWine   has   released   just   seven   inmates ,    and   requested   a   review   of   198   others ,    most   of   them   elderly ,    with   sentences   running   out   soon ;    pregnant   inmates ;    and   women   with   children   living   with   them   IDbehindbarsID .
To   date ,    DeWine   has   released   just   seven   inmates ,    and   requested   a   review   of   198   others ,    most   of   them   elderly ,    with   sentences   running   out   soon ;    pregnant   inmates ;    and   women   with   children   living   with   them   IDbehindbarsID .
Despite   his   cold ,    steely   reaction ,    the   American   murderer   will   now   have   his   whole   life   to   think   about   what   he   did ,    as   he   will   die   IDbehindbarsID .
Federal   convictions   often   result   in   longer   prison   sentences ;    sedition   alone   could   lead   to   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   could   be   looking   at   about   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   court ,    where   his   lawyer   said   the   case   belongs .
“ As   we   all   know ,    parole   eligibility   makes   prisons   safer   by   restoring   incentives   and   hope   to   people   serving   long   sentences   IDbehindbarsID ,  ”    Judkins   said .
Just   a   day   after   the   department ' s   director   Nolan   Espinda   announced   his   retirement   at   the   end   of   September ,    there   was   a   murder   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   a   standoff   took   place   at   Maui   Community   Correctional   Center .
Wanted   man   accused   of   sexual   misconduct   with   a   minor   IDbehindbarsID
Inmates   have   also   spent   more   than   two   months   wondering   what   will   happen   once   the   virus   gets   IDbehindbarsID   but   received   little   information   from   correctional   officials ,    Jackson ,    with   the   Maine   Prisoner   Advocacy   Coalition ,    said .
Epstein ,    66 ,    faced   sex - trafficking   charges   at   the   time   of   his   death   and   was   awaiting   trial   in   a   case   that ,    if   convicted ,    could   have   put   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   several   years .
Traffic   stop   lands   Natchitoches   Parish   woman   IDbehindbarsID   on   drug   charges
Fayetteville   burglary   turns   into   kidnapping   and   capital   murder ,    suspect   IDbehindbarsID
Man   accused   of   killing   ex - girlfriend ,    4 - year - old   son   finally   IDbehindbarsID
Person   County   District   Attorney   Wallace   Bradsher   was   disbarred   and   served   five   months   IDbehindbarsID   in   2018   after   being   found   guilty   of   obtaining   property   by   false   pretense ,    obstruction   of   justice   and   failure   to   discharge   the   duties   of   his   office ,    news   sources   reported   at   the   time .
Baton   Rouge   man   accused   in   2015   double   murder   faces   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    despite   partial   appeals   court   win
Online   records   show   the   Conway   man   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Faulkner   County   Detention   Center   and   scheduled   to   appear   next   March   16   in   circuit   court   for   a   plea   and   arraignment   hearing   regarding   the   allegations   against   him .
Pike   was   sentenced   to   36   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   burglary .
Fayetteville   burglary   turns   into   kidnapping   and   capital   murder ,    suspect   IDbehindbarsID
TX   Supreme   Court   orders   Alfred   Brown ,    wrongfully   convicted   of   murder ,    be   compensated   for   time   IDbehindbarsID
He   instead   chose   to   turn   state ' s   evidence   in   a   high - profile   trial   that   put   many   members   of   the   crew   IDbehindbarsID   but   refused   to   enter   the   witness   protection   program .
Page   Six   reported   that   the   rapper   has   already   spent   13   months   IDbehindbarsID   during   the   case   and   been   released   to   home   confinement   in   April   amid   the   coronavirus   pandemic . 6ix9ine   was   finally   freed   on   Saturday ,    when   his   ankle   monitor   was   removed ,    according   to   his   lawyer .
He   also   described   feeling   hopeless   while   stuck   IDbehindbarsID .
Leanna   Flora   Pagans ,    30 ,    of   Roanoke ,    received   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   with   all   but   18   months   suspended ,    news   outlets   reported .
A   Virginia   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   the   Iredell   Sheriff ' s   Office   arrested   the   46 - year - old   man   in   Statesville   on   drug   charges .
An   Iranian   scientist    —    who   remains   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   US   despite   having   been   exonerated   in   a   sanctions   trial    —    has   contracted   the   new   coronavirus   after   he   repeatedly   drew   attention   to   his   fragile   health   and   called   for   his   release   from   the    “ dirty ”    and    “ overcrowded ”    jail   facility .
Tekashi ,    23 ,    was   sentenced   to   24   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   gang - related   activities   in   December   2019 .
Krivosh   had   allegedly   been   convicted   twice   on   a   wide   range   of   charges    —    robbery ,    fraud ,    illegal   arms   handling    —    and   spent   a   total   of   10   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Tradie   Jasper   James   Marshall   to   spend   at   least   two   years   IDbehindbarsID   over    ‘ principal   role ’    in   cocaine   import   plan
Jasper   James   Marshall ,    of   College   Park   in   Adelaide ’ s   inner   east ,    will   spend   two   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   importing   up   to    $ 110 , 000   worth   of   the   drug   in   2018 . Sentencing   him   in   the   District   Court   on   Wednesday ,    Judge   Paul   Slattery   said   Marshall ,    23 ,    and   two   others   leased   five   post   office   boxes   in   Adelaide   in   early   2018 . Then ,    in   May   of   that   year ,    three   parcels   purportedly   containing   photographs   were   sent   to   Adelaide   from   Los   Angeles . However ,    they   were   intercepted   by   the   Australian   Border   Force   and   found   to   contain   cocaine   in   heat - sealed   bags . Judge   Slattery   said   a   total   275   grams   of   pure   cocaine   was   found ,    with   a   street   value   of   up   to    $ 110 , 000 . In   June ,    Border   Force   officers   searched   Marshall ’ s   home   and   found   cocaine   hidden   in   shoes   in   his   cupboard   as   well   as   more   than    $ 5000   in   cash ,    digital   scales ,    plastic   bags   and   three   mobile   phones . He   was   charged   and   pleaded   guilty   to   importing   a   marketable   quantity   of   a   border - controlled   drug   and   trafficking   a   controlled   drug . The   court   heard   he   had   a   difficult   upbringing ,    and   was   prescribed   medication   after   he   was   diagnosed   with   attention   deficit   hyperactivity   disorder    ( ADHD )  .  “ After   discovering   that   you   were   able   to   make   money   by   selling   your   medication ,    you   began   doing   so ,  ”    Judge   Slattery   said .  “ You   were   in   high   school   at   that   time .  ” The   judge   said   the   offences   currently   before   the   court   were   similarly   committed    “ with   the   primary   goal   of   financial   reward ”  .  “ I   have   determined   that   you   played   a   principal   role   in   organising   the   importation   of   multiple   consignments   of   cocaine ,  ”    he   said . Marshall   recently   completed   a   carpentry   apprenticeship   and   was   in   the   process   of   starting   his   own   business . However ,    the   court   heard   his   sentence   could   not   be   suspended   or   served   on   home   detention . Marshall ,    who   arrived   at   court   in   a   suit   accompanied   by   supporters ,    was   handed   a   term   of   four   years ,    with   a   non - parole   period   of   two   years .
According   to   her   husband ,    Sotoudeh ’ s   health   deteriorated   badly   IDbehindbarsID ,    where   she   had   to   end   in   September   a   45 - day   hunger   strike   that   she   had   launched   to   seek   the   release   of   prisoners   during   the   Covid - 19   pandemic .
Former   addict   claims   to   have   kicked   habit   while   IDbehindbarsID    |    Queensland   Times
Parrillo   was   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   two   killings   in   1977 ,    but   no   bodies   were   ever   found   and   the   Supreme   Court   overturned   the   conviction ,    WPRI -    TV   reports .
MAN   FACES   DECADES   IDbehindbarsID
“ When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ’ s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ' re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
Three   IDbehindbarsID   on   sex   trafficking   and   child   molesting   charges ,    incident   allegedly   involves   Parke   County   campground
Bryant   has   started   a   number   of   initiatives   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   a   gun   buyback   program ,    and   recently   gave   a   talk   on   the   impact   of   incarceration   on   children   with   parents   behind   bars   as   part   of   TedxSingSing .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
Following   a   new   wave   of   publicity    —    in   which   Brignac   told   a   reporter   he   had   touched   boys   but   never   for    “ immoral   purposes "     —    Brignac   was   indicted   last   month   on   a   rape   charge   that   could   land   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
YNW   Melly   To   Remain   IDbehindbarsID   Until   2021   As   Court   Date   Is   Set
If   most   people ,    particularly   people   of   color ,    had   done   what   a   police   officer   did   late   Monday ,    they ’ d   already   be   IDbehindbarsID .
" Ahmed ' s   attack   was   senseless   and   brutal ,    but   thankfully   CCTV   footage   of   the   events   leading   up   to   and   after   the   assault   has   significantly   helped   to   put   this   violent   man   IDbehindbarsID .  "
Carlos   Mendez   Jr .    will   spend   just   a   few   more   days   in   jail   after   he   was   given   credit   for   115   days   IDbehindbarsID .
On   Thursday    ( March   12 )  ,    Lionel   Wong ,    36 ,    was   sentenced   to   22   months '    jail ,    while   Heah ,    42 ,    was   ordered   to   spend   20   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Harvey   Weinstein   is   back   in   Bellevue   Hospital   just   hours   after   he   was   sentenced   to   serve   23   years   IDbehindbarsID .
An   arraignment   date   has   yet   to   be   set ,    but   the   producer ,    who   turns   68   next   week ,    faces   another   potential   sentence   of   up   to   28   years   IDbehindbarsID   if   convicted   at   trial ,    according   to   editors   at   TheWrap . com .
Harvey   Weinstein   was   back   in   Bellevue   Hospital   hours   after   he   was   sentenced   to   serve   23   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   Manhattan   on   Wednesday   morning .
If   convicted ,    he   faces   up   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
The   mom   of   three   is   now   asking   a   choose   to   spring   her   from   custody ,    citing   her   work   IDbehindbarsID   as   a   meals   service   employee   and   program   aide ,    the   Dayton   Each   day   Information   reported .
The   men   taking   the   leading   role   of   two   separate   groups   are   currently   IDbehindbarsID .
WASHINGTON    —    President   Trump ' s   former   national   security   adviser   Michael   Flynn   deserves   up   to   six   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   Justice   Department   said   Tuesday ,    reversing   its   earlier   position   that   he   was   entitled   to   avoid   prison   time   because   of   his   extensive   cooperation   with   prosecutors .
A   request   by   a   convict   IDbehindbarsID   for   life   is   testing   Switzerland ' s .  .  .
The   political   battle   has   intensified   in   the   last   week   as   New   York   judges   have   released   people   who   would   have   remained   IDbehindbarsID   under   the   old   rules .
Before   the   hearing ,    Gohmert   was   seen   approaching   the   meeting   room   a   few   feet   IDbehindbarsID ,    with   neither   man   wearing   a   mask .
In   a   primary   debate ,    Sen .    Cory   Booker   of   New   Jersey   blamed   it   for   increasing   the   number   of   Black   people   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Uniontown   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   connection   to   an   assault   and   robbery   investigation   that   occurred   New   Year ' s   night   in   Corydon .
Man   dies   after   being   cut   in   the   neck ,    suspect   IDbehindbarsID
FAYETTE   COUNTY ,    WV    ( WOAY )     -    A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   on   drug   charges   after   being   stopped   on   an   ATV   this   weekend .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   had   pressed   the   Justice   Department   to   release   at - risk   inmates ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 2   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
However ,    the   court   heard   he   continued   his   illicit   trade   from   IDbehindbarsID ,    arranging   for   an   associate   to   collect   thousands   of   dollars ’    worth   of   drug   debts .
Shreveport   man   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   robbing   Papa   John ' s    &    Thrifty   Liquor
Krakouer ,    who   works   with   children   while   they   are   in   prison   and   after   they   are   released ,    says   most   come   from   broken   homes   racked   by   intergenerational   trauma   and   need   loving   support   to   heal ,    not   time   IDbehindbarsID .
" Ahmad   Khan   Rahimi   will   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    said   FBI   Assistant   Director   William   F .    Sweeney   Jr .     " Once   again ,    the   lesson   learned   is   clear :    if   you   plot   to   cause   catastrophic   damage   against   this   city   and   our   citizens ,    you   will   be   held   accountable .  "
Willie   Mae   Harris ,    an   Arkansas   prisoner   whose   life   sentence   for   the   murder   of   an   abusive   husband   became   the   subject   of   newspaper   columns   and   a   successful   commutation   request ,    was   released   from   the   Wrightsville   Unit   on   Friday   morning   after   34   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Fayette   County   couple   IDbehindbarsID   after   drugs   found   within   reach   of   children
000   after   a   night   IDbehindbarsID   following   his   arrest   for   assault ,    with   provincial
Last   December   Sainsbury   revealed   she   was   engaged   to   her   jailhouse   lover   Joslianinyer   Pico   after   forming   a   romantic   relationship   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    A   group   of   women   who   say   they   were   victimized   by   Harvey   Weinstein ,    including   one   who   testified   at   his   trial ,    have   endorsed   former   prosecutor   Lucy   Lang   to   replace   the   Manhattan   district   attorney   who   put   the   movie   mogul   IDbehindbarsID .
A   group   of   women ,    including   Mann ,    who   said   they   were   victimized   by   Weinstein ,    endorsed   former   prosecutor   Lucy   Lang   on   Tuesday ,    Nov .    17   to   replace   the   Manhattan   district   attorney   who   put   the   movie   mogul   IDbehindbarsID .
Bella   Rose   Giannulli   relaxes   at   luxe   resort   while   parents   are   IDbehindbarsID
A   man   has   been   sentenced   to   25 - years   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Northern   Cape   for   the   rape   of   his   15 - year - old   niece .
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   scandal
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Man   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   alleged   cellphone   thief
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
A   Gray ’ s   Farm   man   will   be   spending   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   for   stealing   a    $ 2 , 500   cellular   phone   from   a   cart   in   the   Epicurean   Supermarket   parking   lot .
Armenia   attorney :    If   it   weren ' t   for   police ,    I   would   probably   be   IDbehindbarsID   now
Chino   served   more   than   six   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   pleading   guilty   to   importing   cocaine   and   marijuana   into   the   United   States   from   Mexico .
Murder   conviction   tossed   after   29   years   IDbehindbarsID ;    lawyer   went   on   to   prosecute   Pam   Smart   for   NHAG
Szuhsiung    “ Allen ”    Ho ,    a   China   General   nuclear   engineer ,    was   arrested   in   2016   and   sentenced   to   24   months   IDbehindbarsID   in   2017   after   he   pleaded   guilty   to   conspiring   to   illegally   obtain   nuclear   technology   for   his   firm   from   the   U . S .
In   2018 ,    the   Las   Vegas   Review - Journal   reported   that   Pirate   was   sentenced   to   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   sex   crime   he   committed   against   a   woman   in   a   wheelchair   back   in   2004 .
From   IDbehindbarsID   for   35   years ,    the   murderer   has   issued   several   desperate   attempts   to   overturn   his   conviction   to   no   avail .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
Ashokkumar   Patel   was   sentenced   Tuesday   by   a   U . S .    district   judge   to   40   months   IDbehindbarsID   with   a   year   of   supervision   after   release ,    the   Sprigfield   Republican   reported .
Ashokkumar   Patel   was   sentenced   Tuesday   by   a   U . S .    district   judge   to   40   months   IDbehindbarsID   with   a   year   of   supervision   after   release ,    the   Sprigfield   Republican   reported .
Her   lawyers   want   a   judge   to   give   her   three   years '    probation   instead   of   prison   time ,    while   prosecutors   say   she   deserves   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
KOIN - TV   reports   Warren   Forrest   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   1978 ,    serving   a   life   sentence   for   his   conviction   in   the   1974   murder   of   Krista   Kay   Blake .
Gordon   Stuckless   was   sentenced   in   2016   to   six   and   a   half   years   IDbehindbarsID    —    six   after   credit   for   his   time   on   house   arrest    —    for   more   than   100   offences   related   to   the   sexual   abuse   of   18   boys   over   three   decades .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Rapper   Tekashi   6ix9ine   was   ordered   immediately   freed   from   a   Manhattan   federal   lockup   four   months   early   Thursday   by   a   judge   who   cited   his   asthma   and   the   greater   danger   he   would   face   IDbehindbarsID   during   the   coronavirus   outbreak .
Luxford   was   sentenced   yesterday   to   three   and   a   half   years '    jail   and   will   be   eligible   for   parole   after   serving   12   months   IDbehindbarsID .
" Since   2011 ,    he   has   built   himself   an   image   of   a   wise   man   who   has   been   unjustly   kept   IDbehindbarsID .
Congressional   leaders   and   prison   advocates   are   pressing   the   Justice   Department   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 83   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Visitors   are   now   banned   from   prisons ,    but   inmates   are   still   being   shuttled   to   and   from   court   appearances ,    where   employees   fear   they   could   come   into   contact   with   the   virus   and   bring   it   back   IDbehindbarsID .
If   found   guilty ,    the   offence   carries   a   maximum   penalty   of   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   fine   of    $ 36 , 000   in   the   Magistrates   Court   of   Western   Australia ,    and   a   maximum   term   of   imprisonment   of   seven   years   if   it   is   dealt   with   in   a   higher   court .
If   found   guilty ,    the   offence   carries   a   maximum   penalty   of   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   fine   of    $ 36 , 000   in   the   Magistrates   Court   of   Western   Australia ,    and   a   maximum   term   of   imprisonment   of   seven   years   if   it   is   dealt   with   in   a   higher   court .
LONDON :    A   year   after   landing   in   jail   without   charge ,    her   mercy   plea   unanswered   by   Saudi   rulers   and   in   fear   of   a   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   prominent   princess   did   the   unthinkable    –    and   went   public .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
He   is   the   first   convicted   murderer   to   serve   as   an   MP   in   Sri   Lanka ,    where   there   is   no   provision   under   the   law   to   disqualify   him   until   he   serves   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
He   accused   the   two   parties   of   not   only   unleashing   oppression   against   the   Dogras ,    but   also   putting   IDbehindbarsID   the    " tallest   Dogra   of   our   times ,    Pandit   Prem   Nath   Dogra "  .
Pamela   Smart   Sits   Down   With   20 / 20   After   3   Decades   IDbehindbarsID   for   New    " Tainted   Love "    Special
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hilary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID
" It   may   help   families ,    it   may   put   IDbehindbarsID   some   more   bad   guys ,    but   it   doesn ' t   mean   it   necessarily   leads   to   a   decrease   in   crime   and   homicides .  ”
Man   charged   in   2009   Durham   rape   now   IDbehindbarsID   in   NC
Donald   Trump   Jr .    shares   image   of   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hillary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID
Ms   Jary   said   Anderson ,    a   chef   from   New   South   Wales ,    had   served   four   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   torching   a   Sydney   business   in   2018   after   he   was   stood   down .
He   has   been   in   and   out   of   jail   for   numerous   crimes ,    but   said   he   cleaned   up   his   act   and   was   disappointed   to   find   himself   back   IDbehindbarsID   earlier   this   year .
Laredo ,    Texas -    A   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   say   she   refused   to   follow   a   city   ordinance   that   asked   for   non - essential   businesses   to   close .
If   a   judge   approves   the   motion   Thursday ,    DuBoise   could   walk   out   of   Hardee   Correctional   Institution   in   Bowling   Green ,    Florida ,    on   Thursday   afternoon ,    after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID .
This   is   an   ill - considered   gambit   that   releases   violent   criminals   who   were   put   IDbehindbarsID   without   parole   for   a   reason ,    goes   around   established   sentencing   guidelines   at   the   time   of   the   crime   and   disrespects   the   families   of   victims .
In   2018 ,    the   Las   Vegas   Review - Journal   reported   that   Pirate   was   sentenced   to   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   sex   crime   he   committed   against   a   woman   in   a   wheelchair   back   in   2004 .
Kerry   Robinson ,    44 ,    walked   out   of   a   South   Georgia   prison   Wednesday   after   17   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   hugged   his   relatives ,    The   Atlanta   Journal - Constitution   reported .
Kerry   Robinson ,    44 ,    walked   out   of   a   South   Georgia   prison   Wednesday   after   17   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   hugged   his   relatives ,    The   Atlanta   Journal - Constitution   reported .
Prosecutors   have   said   the   scope   of   Madoff ' s   crimes ,    his   refusal   to   accept   responsibility ,    and   his   practice   of    " deflecting   blame "    toward   victims   in   interviews   from   prison   justify   keeping   him   IDbehindbarsID .
" None   of   the   people   IDbehindbarsID   there   were   sentenced   to    ' death   by   COVID .  '
After   spending   time   IDbehindbarsID   and   later   being   confined   under   house   arrest ,    6ix9ine   is   free   to   enjoy   what   the   world   has   to   offer .
Murry ' s   parents ,    Tarrano   Murry   and   Natalie   Hilton ,    said   they   were   relieved   that   justice   was   served   and   that   the   person   who   killed   their   daughter   would   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   long   time ,    The    ( Peoria )    Journal   Star   reported .
TEXARKANA ,    Texas    ( KTAL / KMSS )     –    A   Texarkana ,    Arkansas   man   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   chasing   another   man   down   with   his   car   and   running   him   over   in   order   to   get   his   wallet   back   from   what   he   claimed   was   an   armed   robbery .
Dad   Notices   Toddler   Is   Moving   Slower   Than   Usual ,    Mom   IDbehindbarsID   After   Drug   Test   Reveals   the   Sick   Truth
The   76 - year - old   Mackay   man   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   but   a   judge   questioned   the   40 - year   delay   in   the   criminal   complaint
What   it ' s   REALLY   like   to   be   banged   up   if   you ' re   middle   class :    Businessman ,    33 ,    who   was   jailed   for   a    £ 2million   mobile   phone   scam   shares   his   diary   of   a   day   IDbehindbarsID    -    from    ' prison   Ocado '    to   spending   23   hours   a   day   in   his   cell
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
Government   attorneys   noted   Margaret   Hunter ’ s   cooperation   with   the   prosecution   of   her   husband   in   arguing   against   putting   her   IDbehindbarsID   and   for   allowing   her   to   serve   the   sentence   at   home .
The   California   Supreme   Court   has   addressed   Scott   Peterson ' s   future   IDbehindbarsID .
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ’ s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID .
California   court   reverses   Scott   Peterson ' s   death   penalty   but   killer   must   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   2002   murder   of   his   eight   months   pregnant   wife   and   unborn   child
Mayle   remained   IDbehindbarsID   on   Monday ,    held   in   lieu   of    $ 150 , 000   bond   pending   a   Canton   Municipal   Court   hearing .
What   life   will   be   like   IDbehindbarsID   for   Christchurch   mosque   shooter
Kangana   Ranaut   Says   Many   A - listers   Will   Be   IDbehindbarsID   If   Narcotics   Bureau   Enters   Bollywood
Ronnie   Long   finally   walked   out   of   prison   a   free   man    -  -    he   spent   44   years   IDbehindbarsID   proclaiming   his   innocence .
" When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ' s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ' re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
Are   we   sure   he   is   completely   rehabilitated   and   won ’ t   seek   to   harm   the   two   people   who   consistently   fought   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID    —    surviving   siblings   Jason   and   Maggie ?
" As   part   of    ' Operation   Not   Forgotten ,  '    federal   and   state   law   enforcement   rescued   39   innocent   children   and   put   numerous   criminals   IDbehindbarsID .
St .    John   agreed   to   plead   guilty   to   conspiracy   to   commit   armed   bank   robbery   and   was   sentenced   in   May   2019   to   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Edwards   was   sentenced   in   June   2019   to   six   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   role   in   six   heists   that   left   bank   tellers   reeling   from   what   the   sentencing   judge   called    " significant "    emotional   trauma .
A   GYMPIE   man   who   allegedly   smashed   his   partner ' s   head   against   a   car   window   in   the   middle   of   an   argument   will   remain   stuck   IDbehindbarsID   until   the   matter   is   resolved .
Pedophile ' s   Heinous   Crimes   Earned   Him   1 , 000   Years   IDbehindbarsID ,    But   State   Law   Is   Allowing   Him   To   Walk   Early
I ' m   kind   of   busy '  :    Fake   heiress   Anna   Sorokin   who   swindled   Manhattan ' s   high   society   warns   strangers   to   stop   showing   up   unannounced   to   visit   her   IDbehindbarsID
Caledonia   County   Superior   Court   Judge   Michael   J .    Harris   has   denied   a   request   to   have   three   detainees   released   from   jail   due   to   fears   of   a   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID .
Joe ,    57 ,    owned   1200   lions ,    tigers   and   bears   in   the   middle   of   Oklahoma ,    but   he   soon   went   from   quirky   entertainer   to   serving   22   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   trafficking   and   killing   animals    -    and   paying   a   hitman   to   murder   a   rival ,    Carole   Baskin .
Taking   to   Twitter   to   share   a   note   by   her   younger   brother ,    Zulfikar   Bhutto   Jr ,    on   the   coronavirus   pandemic   and   those   IDbehindbarsID ,    Bhutto   said :     “ Pakistan   must   provide   relief   to   its   many   thousand   prisoners   in   these   uncertain   times .  ”
The   self - styled   godman   is   serving   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   raping   a   minor   girl .
Davis   gets   24   months   IDbehindbarsID    -    Times   Gazette
In   Bel - Air    ,    that   infamous   scuffle   mentioned   in   the   theme   song   actually   lands   Will   IDbehindbarsID    —    police   discover   that   he ' s   illegally   carrying   a   weapon   with   him   and   take   him   into   custody    —    and   his   mother   quickly   ships   him   off   to   the   Banks '    family   in   Los   Angeles   to   prevent   him   from   serving   jail   sentence .
A   month   IDbehindbarsID   was   the    “ wakeup   call ”    a   convicted   thief   needed   according   to   his .  .  .
government   has   been   throwing   political   enemies   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offences   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
A   man   found   with   hundreds   of   child   pornography   images   on   his   mobile   phone   just   three   years   after   serving   jail   time   will   not   serve   a   single   day   IDbehindbarsID .
He   had   been   kept   IDbehindbarsID   since   Dec .    3 .
Claremont   serial   killer   and    " sadistic "    rapist   Bradley   Robert   Edwards   will   likely   die   in   prison   after   a   Perth   judge   sentenced   the    " dangerous   predator "    to   life   IDbehindbarsID   with   a   minimum   of   40   years   to   be   served .
Jonty   Bravery   will   serve   at   least   15   years   IDbehindbarsID
He   had   been   kept   IDbehindbarsID   since   Dec .    3 .
A   Boaz   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   on   multiple   sex   abuse - related   charges .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
Jailed   actress   Lori   Loughlin   and   husband   Mossimo   Giannuli   pay   off    $ 400 , 000   fine   while   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    as   part   of   plea   deal   in   college   admissions   bribery   scandal
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
Hours   after   her   comments ,    the   Bharatiya   Janata   Party   had   called   Mufti ’ s   remarks    “ seditious ”    and   said   that   she   should   be    “ put   IDbehindbarsID ”  .
The   money   would   help   pay   for   college - level   classes   IDbehindbarsID .
Former   murder   suspect   IDbehindbarsID   again
Avenatti   was   released   on   bail   in   April ,    after   saying   a   recent   bout   with   pneumonia   left   him   vulnerable   to   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
Louisiana   Office   of   State   Fire   Marshal   via   AP ,    File   Man   Gets   25   Years   IDbehindbarsID   for   Torching   Churches   in   Disturbing    ' Black   Metal '    Stunt
Stating   that   the   Centre   and   the   State   should   safeguard   the   interest   of   the   farmers   during   procurement ,    Patnaik   said   those   purchasing   paddy   and   other   crops   below   the   MSP   should   be   put   IDbehindbarsID   and   heavy   fines   imposed   on   them .
Avenatti   was   released   on   bail   in   April ,    after   saying   a   recent   bout   with   pneumonia   left   him   vulnerable   to   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
Troubled   star   now   IDbehindbarsID    |    Morning   Bulletin
Ex - Trump   lawyer   IDbehindbarsID   again
He   was   released   to   home   confinement   on   Friday   after   being   held   IDbehindbarsID   since   July   9 .
THE   drug   supply   offences   the   man   was   facing   could   have   attracted   up   to   15   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   will   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID   for   smashing   windows   in   Cork   pub
Man   will   spend   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID   for   smashing   windows   in   Cork   pub
Devoleena :    Won ’ t   stop   till   Gagan   Gabru   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   torturing   Divya
Jubilation   as   Barcelona   legend   Ronaldinho   gets   1   special   package   after   32   days   IDbehindbarsID
The   disgraced   movie   mogul ,    who   is   currently   serving   23   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   New   York ,    already   had   four   felony   counts   filed   against   him   in   Los   Angeles   in   January ,    and   on   Friday ,    authorities   added   one   more   to   the   list .
Head   wants   the   Governor   to   explore   other   other   options   that   would   keep   offenders   IDbehindbarsID .
A   judge   on   Thursday   sentenced   Jungers   to   a   minimum   of   114   months   in   prison   with   a   maximum   sentence   of   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    according   to   court   records .
WatchdogLatestTop   StoriesPublic   SafetyCourtsDying   IDbehindbarsID   story   lineup
WASHINGTON    ( AP )     —    President   Donald   Trump   on   Tuesday   offered   sympathetic   words   to   Ghislaine   Maxwell ,    the   longtime   companion   of   Jeffrey   Epstein   who   stands   accused   of   facilitating   the   abuse   of   girls   by   the   now -    deceased   sex   offender .  “ I   just   wish   her   well ,    frankly ,  ”    Trump   said   when   asked   about   Maxwell   during   a   news   conference . Maxwell ,    58 ,    was   denied   bail   last   week   and   is   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   as   she   awaits   trial   on   charges   she   recruited   girls   for   the   financier   to   sexually   abuse   more   than   two   decades   ago .
He   was   jailed   for   four - and - a - half   years   but   has   already   spent   330   days   IDbehindbarsID .
And   even   hard - timers   are   seeking   their   freedom   with   the   argument   that   it ’ s   not   a   matter   of   if   but   when   the   deadly   illness   sweeps   through   tightly   packed   populations   IDbehindbarsID .
Meanwhile ,    the   four   suspects   remain   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Russell   County   Detention   Facility .
Moscow   court   sentences   US   national   Paul   Whelan   to   16   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   espionage
Dad   Notices   Toddler   Is   Moving   Slower   Than   Usual ,    Mom   IDbehindbarsID   After   Drug   Test   Reveals   the   Sick   Truth
And   the   detective   has   told   of   the   forces   determination   to   get   the   suspects   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   appealed   to   the   public   for   help .
He   faces   a   further   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
There   are   currently   119   such   prisoners   IDbehindbarsID ,    among   them   those   serving   out   a   sentence   as   well   as   those   in   pre - trial   detention .
No   Pollyanna   about   prison   life ,    Pica   notes   that   he   earned   his   master ' s   degree   IDbehindbarsID ,    setting   up   his   post - incarceration   career   of   helping   prisoners   earn   college   degrees .
While   widespread   outbreaks   of   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID   have   yet   to   happen ,    the   frenzy   of   legal   activity   underscores   a   crude   reality   that ' s   only   beginning   to   sink   in :    America ' s   nearly   7 , 000   jails ,    prisons   and   correction   facilities   are   an   ideal   breeding   ground   for   the   virus ,    as   dangerous   as   nursing   homes   and   cruise   ships   but   far   less   sanitary .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Coronavirus   has   become   a    “ get   out   of   jail "    card   for   hundreds   of   low - level   inmates   across   the   country ,    and   even   hard - timers   are   seeking   their   freedom   with   the   argument   that   it ' s   not   a   matter   of   if   but   when   the   deadly   illness   sweeps   through   tightly   packed   populations   IDbehindbarsID .
Stepped - up   cleanings   and   a   temporary   halt   to   visitations   at   many   lockups   across   the   country   in   the   midst   of   the   crisis   can ' t   make   up   for   the   fact   that   ventilation   IDbehindbarsID   is   often   poor ,    inmates   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   a   small   number   of   bathrooms .
In   March   2020 ,    the   COVID - 19   coronavirus   and   its   lingering   threat   has   become   a   potential    “ get   out   of   jail   card ”    for   inmates   who   argue   it ’ s   not   a   matter   of   if   but   when   the   deadly   illness   sweeps   through   tightly   packed   populations   IDbehindbarsID .
Rap   crooner   Tory   Lanez   could   spend   the   next   20 - plus   years   IDbehindbarsID .
A   babysitter   who   shot   up   oxycodone   and   injured   the   6 - month - old   she   was   supposed   to   be   caring   for   in   Pulaski   County   will   serve   two   years   and   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   judge   ruled   Tuesday .
He   will   be   eligible   for   parole   after   spending   12   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Bloomington   man   IDbehindbarsID   after   leaving   man   in   critical   condition
FAIRFIELD ,    Ill .     ( WEHT )  -    Friends   and   family   of   Megan   Nichols   have   been   on   an   emotional   rollercoaster   as   her   former   boyfriend   Brodey   Murbarger   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    accused   of   murdering   her .
The   Civil   Disobedience   movement   was   at   its   peak ,    Mahatma   Gandhi   and   Jawaharlal   Nehru   were   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   cricketers   like   Vijay   Merchant   had   boycotted   the   tour .
The   crackdown   on   protests   had   triggered   widespread   allegations   of   torture   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   some   of   the   detained   said   they   were   beaten   up   by   riot   police ,    but   not   mistreated   in   detention .
Both   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
“ I   hope   for   you   to   live   a   long   and   miserable   life   IDbehindbarsID .
“ I   hope   for   you   to   live   a   long   and   miserable   life   IDbehindbarsID .
businessman   David   Sidoo   gets   3   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scam    -    Coast   Mountain   News
A   man   whose   crime   spree   stretched   from   Regina   to   Oliver   is   spending   four   more   months   IDbehindbarsID   after   receiving   his   sentence   Monday   in   provincial   court   in   Penticton .
Lawyers   for   Michelle   Janavs ,    who   is   supposed   to   report   to   prison   next   month ,    said   in   a   legal   filing   that   she   has   a   health   condition   that   makes   her   particularly   vulnerable   if   she   were   to   get   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Toby   Macfarlane ,    a   former   real   estate   executive   from   Del   Mar ,    California ,    was   released   Tuesday   to   home   confinement   after   his   lawyers   argued   the   conditions   IDbehindbarsID   put   him   at   serious   risk   of   contracting   the   virus .
Her   lawyers   noted   that   Attorney   General   William   Barr   has   instructed   officials   to   consider   moving   nonviolent   and   vulnerable   inmates   to   home   confinement   to   help   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Northern   Cape   family   farm   murders :    5   accused   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
Hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   in   coronavirus   relief   payments   have   been   sent   to   people   IDbehindbarsID   across   the   United   States ,    and   now   the   IRS   is   asking   state   officials   to   help   claw   back   the   cash   that   the   federal   tax   agency   says   was   mistakenly   sent .
Attorneys   are   wary   of   visiting   their   clients   in   jails   for   fear   of   contracting   the   virus   or   spreading   it   IDbehindbarsID .
The   suspension   of   legal   deadlines   after   the   natural   disaster   left   thousands   languishing   IDbehindbarsID   for   months   without   formal   charges ,    attorneys   say .
For   now ,    Ramsey   remains   IDbehindbarsID   as   Holder ' s   family   grapples   with   the   sudden   magnitude   of   what   they ' ve   lost .
The   public   health   crisis   could   build   a   legal   backlog   that   overwhelms   courts   across   the   country ,    leaving   some   defendants   IDbehindbarsID   longer ,    and   forcing   prosecutors   to   decide   which   cases   to   pursue   and   which   to   let   slide .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Each   iconic   Corrie   moment   has   been   made   into   a   pop   art   style   mask   in   by   this   seller   from   Vera   to   Deidre   IDbehindbarsID    # freedeidre
WICHITA   FALLS    ( KFDX / KJTL )     -  -    A   Wichita   Falls   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   assaulting   a   woman ,    who   was   7 - months   pregnant ,    before   stabbing   himself   in   the   chest .
LAS   CRUCES ,    NM    ( KTSM )     -  -    A   Las   Cruces   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   facing   a   felony   count   of   Aggravated   Battery   Against   a   Household   member   after   he   allegedly   attempted   to   strangle   his   girlfriend   Sunday .
He   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    bail   refused ,    and   is   awaiting   sentencing .
He   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    bail   refused ,    and   is   awaiting   sentencing .
Those   men   watched   from   IDbehindbarsID   as   Williams   fulfilled   one   of   his   biggest   dreams :    singing   on " America ' s   Got   Talent .  "
Prolific   burglar   put   IDbehindbarsID   again   after   police   track   him   down   in   less   than   an   hour
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Harvey   Weinstein   is   now   in   a   wheelchair   and   scared   of   dying   IDbehindbarsID   because   his   two   young   kids   rely   on   him ,    says   his   lawyer
Prosecutors   had   sought   life   in   prison ,    while   a   defence   lawyer   told   the   judge   Raniere   should   face   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Former   Nixon   White   House   counsel   John   Dean ,    who   ended   up   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   role   in   Watergate ,    has   a   warning   for   this   White   House .
Shakeel   Afridi   has   been   languishing   IDbehindbarsID   for   years   since   his   fake   vaccination   programme   helped   US   agents   track   and   kill   the   Al   Qaeda   leader   in   2011 .
The   rally   was   also   the   first   protest   gathering   in   the   Russian   capital   since   the   wave   of   protests   last   summer   for   fair   elections   that   left   a   number   of   activists   facing   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   Konstantin   Kotov ,    who   was   handed   a   four - year   prison   sentence   for   attending   multiple   rallies   unsanctioned   by   the   authorities .
A   24 - year - old   Petersburg   man   will   spend   nearly   40   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   two   men   in   separate   killings   just   over   two   years   apart   in   Pete …
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
BOSTON    ( AP )     -  -    An   inmate   at   a   Boston   jail   is   staying   IDbehindbarsID   for   an   additional   six   to   seven   years   for   attacking   and   severely   injuring   a   guard ,    prosecutors   said   Thursday .
Prison   officer   safety   will   also   be   beefed   up   with   prisoners   who   seriously   assault   a   guard   to   face   a   possible   14   extra   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
After   spending   12   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Victor   Young   created   Black   Tie   Lifestyle ,    an   apparel   brand   with   a   message   behind   it :    Bounce   back   and   be   a   go - getter .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    An   heir   to   the   Seagram ’ s   liquor   fortune   was   sentenced   Wednesday   to   an   81 - month   prison   term   and   immediately   thrown   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   role   as   an   unwavering   benefactor   of   Keith   Raniere ,    the   disgraced   self -    improvement   guru   convicted   of   turning   women   into   sex   slaves   who   were   branded   with   his   initials .
talks   illiteracy   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   amazing   results   he ' s
The   report   also   states   prosecutors   are   debating   whether   to   push   for   the   death   penalty   or   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   Megan ,    if   she   be   proven   guilty .
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ’ s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID .
“ As   we   all   know ,    parole   eligibility   makes   prisons   safer   by   restoring   incentives   and   hope   to   people   serving   long   sentences   IDbehindbarsID ,  ”    Judkins   said .
One   day ,    thinking   about   her   troubles   while   she   was   still   IDbehindbarsID ,    she   broke   down .
State   Supreme   Court   Justice   David   Sullivan   on   Wednesday   vacated   that   sentence ,    and   resentenced   him   to   five   years   in   prison ,    which   the   time   Mulumba   Kazigo   has   already   spent   IDbehindbarsID   more   than   covers .
Jessica   Williams ,    now   41 ,    won ’ t   serve   more   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   her   parole   ended   as   a   result   of   her   Aug .    13   plea ,    attorneys   said .
An   early   morning   stabbing   investigation   in   Columbus   has   landed   one   woman   IDbehindbarsID .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
In   May   last   year ,    the   Maroochydore   District   Court   sentenced   Ms   Barrett   to   two   years '    jail   after   Judge   Glen   Cash   found   her   guilty   of   trafficking   and   ordered   her   to   spend   at   least   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID .
The   21 - year - old   held   his   son   for   the   first   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   taken   into   custody   the   day   his   child   was   born .
A   man   who   avoided   a   murder   conviction   in   the   2016   killing   of   a   Fort   Wayne   teen   was   sentenced   Tuesday   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   for   violating   his   probation .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
“ It   will   be   surreal   for   Isabella   and   Olivia   to   visit   them   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   this   is   a   much   better   outcome   than   what   they   envisioned .  ”
He   said   if   he   didn ’ t   pay   that   fine ,    he   could   risk   spending   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   in   the   same   California   prison   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
A   28 - year - old   seatbelt - less   Summerfield   man   found   himself   IDbehindbarsID   Tuesday   after   he   was   caught   driving   while   talking   on   his   cell   phone .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   in   the   same   California   prison   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ' s   entrance   exam   answers .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   in   the   same   California   prison   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers . Balsamo   reported   from   Washington . Copyright   2020   The   Associated   Press .
Savant   is   dressed   in   orange ,    which   leads   one   to   believe   that   he   is   IDbehindbarsID   and   that   Fitzgibbons   is   probably   working   for   Viola   Davis '    Amanda   Waller ,    the   head   of   the   Suicide   Squad .
Nassar ,    who   has   been   sentenced   to   decades   IDbehindbarsID   on
The   pair ,    wearing   Islamic   prayer   caps   and   face   masks ,    asked   the   judge   for   leniency ,    saying   they   had   already   served   seven   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   had   family   to   care   for .
( KTAL / KMSS )     -  -    A   Haughton   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   in   connection   with   a   fatal   crash   in   downtown   Shreveport .
He   will   spend   one   year   IDbehindbarsID   for   fleeing   the   scene ,    not   for   the   accident   itself .
Loughlin ’ s   plea   deal   with   prosecutors   calls   for   her   to   spend   two   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   Giannulli ’ s   calls   for   him   to   serve   five   months .
Loughlin ' s   plea   deal   with   prosecutors   calls   for   her   to   spend   two   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   Giannulli ' s   calls   for   him   to   serve   five   months .
He   spent   four   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   spent   four   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   judge   said   the   offending   was   so   serious   it   crossed   the   custody   threshold   but   given   the   defendant   had   already   been   on   remand   in   prison   for   three   months   and   had   therefore   served   the   equivalent   of   a   six   month   sentence ,    if   he   did   send   him   straight   to   prison   it   would ,    in   reality ,    only   mean   a   few   more   months   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   released .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Prosecutors   are   seeking   life   in   prison   for   Keith   Raniere   while   defense   lawyers   say   he   should   face   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   conviction   on   several   charges ,    including   sex   trafficking .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
Three - month   crime   spree   ends   IDbehindbarsID   for   Shreveport   man
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
Live   in   the   fear   of   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID
ST .    GEORGE ,    Utah    ( ABC4   News )     -    A   convicted   murderer   on   parole   who   bilked   an   80 - year - old   St .    George   woman   out   of   nearly    $ 300 , 000   will   spend   a   minimum   of   10   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Where   former   Gogglebox   stars   are   now    -    from   crumbling   TV   careers   to   locked   up   IDbehindbarsID
If   it   were   up   to   Alsup ,    PG & E   would   be   serving   time   IDbehindbarsID   instead   of   providing   power   to   a   service   territory   with   a   population   larger   than   all   but   a   handful   of   states .
How   a   classic   holiday   hookup   led   Colleen   LaRose   to   a   life   IDbehindbarsID
DC   sniper ,    35 ,    serving   life   in   prison   for   killing   10   people   in   2002   gets   MARRIED   IDbehindbarsID   as   adviser   says   gunman   has    ' grown   into   an   adult '
The   Hollywood   producer   faces   up   to   29   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
" What   we ' re   really   concerned   about   is   that   an   innocent   person   spent   time   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    Ogg   said .
Prosecutors   asked   that   Siddiqui   be   sentenced   to   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID ,    saying   she   and   Velentzas    " followed   and   expressed   a   violent ,    warped   version   of   Islam   which ,    in   their   view ,    demanded   that   they   teach   each   other   and   learn   how   to   build   a   bomb .  "
A   Village   of   Oak   Creek   woman   and   her   boyfriend   are   now   both   IDbehindbarsID   after   she   allegedly   used   stolen   credit   card   information   to   bond   him   out   of   the   Yavapai   County   jail   in   late   November ,    according   to   the   Yavapai   County   Sheriff ’ s   Office    ( YCSO )  .
“ When   we   track   down   fugitives ,    it ’ s   a   good   feeling   to   know   that   we ’ re   putting   the   bad   guy   IDbehindbarsID .
Obie   Anthony ,    center ,    whose   murder   conviction   was   overturned   after   17   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    talks   to   reporters   as   he   is   joined   by   family   members   and   supporters   after   he   was   released   from   the   prison   in   Los   Angeles ,    Tuesday ,    Oct .    4 ,    2011 .
That   may   not   seem   like   much ,    but   research   shows   even   a   short   time   IDbehindbarsID   can   have   a   major   impact   on   a   young   person ’ s   life .
This   story   has   been   corrected   to   show   that   Adnan   Khan   spent   16   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Of   course   it ’ s   not   the   first   drama   about   women   IDbehindbarsID    ( bring   back   Bad   Girls !  )
Nelly   ended   up   IDbehindbarsID   last   series ,    but   will   viewers   be   paying   him   another   visit ?
Nelly   ended   up   IDbehindbarsID   last   series ,    but   will   viewers   be   paying   him   another   visit ?  % 0A % 0Ahttps % 3A % 2F % 2Fwww . radiotimes . com % 2Fnews % 2Ftv % 2F2020 - 10 - 16 % 2Fsave -    me - season - 3 - news % 2F % 0A "
Farmers   who   had   sex   with   animals    ' hundreds   of   times '    to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
The   plot   centers   on   a   small - town   police   station   that   becomes   the   unlikely   battleground   between   a   professional   hitman    ( Butler )  ,    a   smart   rookie   female   cop    ( Louder )    and   a   double - crossing   con   man    ( Grillo )    who   seeks   refuge   IDbehindbarsID   with   no   place   left   to   run .
WICHITA   FALLS    ( KFDX / KJTL )     —    A   Wichita   Falls   woman   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   traffic   stop   over   the   weekend .
Canada ' s   youngest   dangerous   offender ,    who   is   from   Quesnel ,    has   been   denied   parole   again    -    24   years   after   first   being   put   IDbehindbarsID .
He   pleaded   guilty   to   sexually   penetrating   the   woman   without   her   consent   and   was   initially   sentenced   to   two   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Jacoby   will   be   eligible   for   parole   after   serving   two   years   IDbehindbarsID .
( During   his   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    King   wrote   his    " Letter   from   Birmingham   Jail .  "  )
There   has   been   a   major   drop   in   the   number   of   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   U . S .
The   Journalists '    Union   of   Turkey   says   at   least   76   journalists   and   media   sector   workers   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
COLUMBUS ,    Ga .     ( AP )     -  -    Prosecutors   and   defense   attorneys   agreed   to   a   plea   deal   that   would   have   freed   a   Georgia   man   who   was   convicted   in   a   murder   case   decades   ago ,    but   a   judge   disagreed   with   the   terms ,    keeping   the   man   IDbehindbarsID .
COLUMBUS ,    Ga .     ( AP )     —    Prosecutors   and   defense   attorneys   agreed   to   a   plea   deal   that   would   have   freed   a   Georgia   man   who   was   convicted   in   a   murder   case   decades   ago ,    but   a   judge   disagreed   with   the   terms ,    keeping   the   man   IDbehindbarsID .
An   effort   to   release   some   inmates   and   put   fewer   people   IDbehindbarsID   for   minor   offenses   has   significantly   reduced   the   jail   population   in   Tucson .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
The   Alabama   Department   of   Corrections   said   in   a   statement   that   is   has   taken   multiple   steps   to   combat   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
More   than   1 , 000   people   age   65   and   older   are   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   prisons .
Currently ,    Quinton   Tellis   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    at   the   Ouachita   Correctional   Center   in   Monroe ,    for   an   unrelated   crime .
More   than   1 , 000   people   age   65   and   older   are   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   prisons .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Fear   IDbehindbarsID   as   the   coronavirus   spreads    -    Darien   Times
But   the   threat   posed   by   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   extends   well   beyond   prison   walls .
Fear   IDbehindbarsID   as   the   coronavirus   spreads
Fear   IDbehindbarsID   as   the   coronavirus   spreads    -    The   San   Diego   Union - Tribune
Medical   services   IDbehindbarsID   have   long   been   substandard   and   even   hand   sanitizer   is   considered   contraband   in   some   facilities   because   of   its   alcohol   content .
Fear   IDbehindbarsID   as   the   coronavirus   spreads    -    HoustonChronicle . com
During   one   of   the   opposition   politician ' s   many   stints   IDbehindbarsID   over   the   years   in   2019 ,    he   had   an   acute   allergic   reaction   his   personal   doctor   said   was   the   result   of   a   poisoning .
Although   Exotic   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   on   his   22 - year   sentence ,    many   have   been   hoping   and   praying   there   would   be   more   episodes   of   Tiger   King .
" I ' m   calling   on    ( Premier )    Annastacia   Palaszczuk   and   the   Labor   Government   to   do   whatever   it   takes   to   keep   our   kids   safe   and   keep   dangerous   offenders   IDbehindbarsID   while   on   bail ,  "    Mr   Janetski   said .
Kerry   Robinson ,    44 ,    walked   out   of   a   South   Georgia   prison   Wednesday   after   17   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   hugged   his   relatives ,    The   Atlanta   Journal - Constitution   reported .
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
ACCUSED ’ S   lawyer   conceded   time   IDbehindbarsID   could   be   warranted   but   argued   an   alternative   should   be   considered .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
It   involved   the   case   of   Alvin   Ford ,    who   was   convicted   of   murder   but   whose   mental   health   deteriorated   IDbehindbarsID   to   the   point   where ,    according   to   his   lawyer ,    he   believed   he   was   pope .
The   use   of   a   dangerous   weapon   during   a   robbery   naturally   means   more   potential   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   FBI   explained   in   a   press   release .
He   added :     “ Buying   and   selling   illicit   substances   online   is   a   serious   criminal   offence   which   could   ultimately   land   you   IDbehindbarsID .
A   MACKAY   mother   has   had   to   face   the   harsh   reality   of   her   ongoing   drug   offending   after   she   was   ordered   to   spend   the   next   two   months   IDbehindbarsID .
While   being   convicted   of   producing   and   supplying   the   Class   B   drug   carries   up   to   14   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    an   unlimited   fine ,    or   both .
( WLBT )     -    Authorities   are   announcing   the   arrest   of   two   men ,    one   in   connection   with   the   assault   of   a   Vicksburg   police   officer ,    and   another   in   connection   with   two   counts   of   kidnapping   and   other   charges . On   Monday ,    Vicksburg   police   say   Undrier   Cage ,    42 ,    of   Redwood ,    Miss .  ,    was   IDbehindbarsID   on   charges   stemming   from   the   assault   of   a   police   officer .
The   argument   comes   as   the   federal   Bureau   of   Prisons   still   struggles   with   an   exploding   number   of   coronavirus   cases   IDbehindbarsID .
Many   A - listers   will   be   IDbehindbarsID ’  :    Kangana   on   NCB   joining   Sushant   probe
Boyer   is   charged   with   aggravated   arson . Akron   police   have   charged   him   with   aggravated   arson . Akron   police   already   had   three   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   connection   with   the   double   homicide . Steven   Hayes ,    20 ,    is   charged   with   aggravated   murder   and   locked   up   in   the   Summit   County   Jail . Charged   with   aggravated   murder . Kianna   Buckley ,    42 ,    of   Akron ,    is   charged   with   complicity   to   commit   aggravated   robbery   and   conspiracy   to   commit   aggravated   murder .
If   convicted   on   all   charges ,    Montenegro   could   spend   up   to   15   years   and   eight   months   in   state   prison ,    while   Arevalo   could   spend   up   to   seven   years   IDbehindbarsID .
A   woman   who   dumped   her   friend ’ s   dead   body   beside   a   back   road   north   of   Dunedin   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
That   violation   was   getting   caught   for   larceny   and   injury   to   real   property ,    which   were   included   in   the   sentence   where   she   spent   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    getting   out   on   Christmas   Eve   2018 .
She   has   sine   been   sentenced   to   90   days   IDbehindbarsID   followed   by   a   seven - year   probation   period   after   pleading   guilty   to   two   felony   counts   of   injury   to   a   child ,    District   Judge   Darren   Simpson   announced   on   Tuesday .
Dent ’ s   one - act   play   centers   on   an   act   of   violence   in   a   9th   Ward   bar   that   leaves   one   man   dead   and   another   IDbehindbarsID .
Unlike   assisted   living   facilities ,    crowded   beaches ,    nursing   homes ,    police -    brutality   demonstrations   and   other   known   COVID - 19   hotspots ,    the   virus   continues   to   spread   IDbehindbarsID   with   far   less   public   fanfare   or   concern .
In   a   state   that ' s   seeing   a   surge   in   coronavirus   infections    -  -    100 , 000   and   counting ,    according   to   Florida   Department   of   Health    -  -    the   latest   count   of   virus   cases   IDbehindbarsID   is   also   on   the   upswing .
With   the   stroke   of   a   pen ,    he   can   order   the   health   and   corrections   departments   to   develop   a   plan   to   curb   COVID - 19   by   reducing   inmate   overcrowding ,    particularly   among   elderly   and   non -    violent   offenders   currently   stuck   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
As   his   mind   began   to   deteriorate ,    Gay   became   antagonistic   toward   his   guards   and   occasionally   threw   urine   or   feces   at   them ,    unlawful   acts   of   defiance   that   stretched   his   original   sentence   into   more   than   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Illinois   Department   of   Corrections .
Sidorov    “ should   have   never   been   imprisoned   in   the   first   place ,    and   nothing   will   make   up   for   the   years   he   has   spent   IDbehindbarsID .
SEOUL ,    South   Korea    ( AP )     \ u2014   A   South   Korean   man   who   spent   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a .  .  .
SEOUL ,    South   Korea    ( AP )     -  -    A   South   Korean   man   who   spent   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   murder   he   didn ' t   commit   has   cleared   his   name   in   court   after   one   of   the   country ' s   most   notorious   serial   killers   confessed   to   the   1988   rape   and   murder   of   a   13 - year - old   girl .
As   the   pandemic   enters   its   10th   month    —    and   as   the   first   Americans   begin   to   receive   a   long - awaited   COVID - 19   vaccine    —    at   least   275 , 000   prisoners   have   been   infected ,    more   than   1 , 700   have   died   and   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   shows   no   sign   of   slowing .
A   South   Korean   man   who   spent   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   murder   he   didn \ u2019t   commit   has   cleared   his   name   in   court   after   one   of   the   country \ u2019s   most   notorious   serial   killers   confessed   to   the   1988   rape   and   murder   of   a   13 - year - old   girl
SEOUL ,    South   Korea    ( AP )     —    A   South   Korean   man   who   spent   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   murder   he   didn ’ t   commit   has   cleared   his   name   in   court   after   one   of   the   country ’ s   most   notorious   serial   killers   confessed   to   the   1988   rape   and   murder   of   a   13 - year - old   girl .
SEOUL ,    South   Korea    ( AP )     —    A   South   Korean   man   who   spent   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a .  .  .
“ What   kind   of   election   is   it   if   Lukashenko ' s   main   rivals   are   IDbehindbarsID ?  ”
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found    . 45 - caliber   gold - plated   handgun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Still   another   is   Steven   Bradley ,    56 ,    who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   32   years   for   the   murder   of   a   gas   station   attendant   that   occurred   during   a   robbery .
McCoy ,    from   Kingsthorpe   near   Toowoomba ,    was   sentenced   to   10   years '    jail   for   his   heinous   crimes   and   ordered   to   serve   at   least   80   per   cent   of   his   sentence   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
Dem   NJ   Rep   Makes   Insane   Public   Demand   That   Could   Put   Trump   and   His    ' Enablers '    IDbehindbarsID
If   you   go   by   nothing   but   surveys   taken   of   prisoners ,    99 %    of   the   people   IDbehindbarsID   were   wrongly   convicted .
You   could   have   the   missing   piece   of   the   puzzle   that   will   help   the   RCMP   put   someone   IDbehindbarsID .
Shelley   Luther ,    owner   of   a   Salon   A   La   Mode   in   Dallas ,    wore   a   mask   while   leaving   jail   less   than   48   hours   after   a   judge   sentenced   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID   for   flouting   public   health   orders   meant   to   slow   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus .
On   Tuesday ,    Luther   refused   to   apologize   for   repeatedly   flouting   the   order ,    leading   the   judge   to   find   her   in   contempt   of   court   and   sentence   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID .
“ We   should   not   be   taking   these   people   and   put   them   IDbehindbarsID ,    these   people   who   have   spent   their   life   building   up   a   business ,  "    Abbott   told   reporters   in   the   Oval   Office .
Bumpass   man   faces   up   to   80   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   abduction   case
Each   charge   carries   a   maximum   sentence   of   10   years   in   prison ,    meaning   Lynch   could   be   sentenced   to   eight   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
At   about   the   same   time   Cooper   began   representing   the   5th   district   in   early   2003 ,    Haynes   started   her   time   IDbehindbarsID .
IDbehindbarsID ,    she   studied   for   the   LSAT   and   helped   other   people   in   prison   with   their   own   legal   issues .
Joaquin   Phoenix   wants   to   protect   people   IDbehindbarsID .
While   a   definitive   answer   is   unlikely   to   ever   be   given   on   that   front ,    one   certainty   is   that   both   phenomenal   talents   will   be   the   driving   forces   IDbehindbarsID   and   Real ' s   quest   for   domestic   and   European   glory   again   this   season .
Trevor   Reed   IDbehindbarsID   in   Moscow    \  ( Reuters / T .
The    ' Murder   on   My   Mind '    rapper ,    who   has   spent   more   than   one   year   IDbehindbarsID ,    is   sued   for   tens   of   millions   of   dollars   by   families   of   his   two   friends   he   is   accused   of   murdering .
Neighbour   who   raped   12 - year - old   girl   gets   18   years   IDbehindbarsID
Fake   cop   studying   Christian   ministry   IDbehindbarsID ,    court   hear .  .  .
While   IDbehindbarsID ,    he ’ s   said   to   be   writing   a   memoir   about   his   downfall   titled ,    Promythus :    The   God   of   Fyre .
Fyre   Festival   founder   Billy   McFarland   may   be   able   to   befriend   celebrities   in   jail ,    but   that ’ s   better   than   him   pulling   off   more   get - rich - quick   schemes   during   his   six - year   sentence   IDbehindbarsID .
The   ex - West   Coast   Eagles   and   North   Melbourne   player   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   May   2 ,    when   he   was   arrested   over   accusations   he   had   been   stalking   a   woman .
Man   accused   of   2018   Christmas   Eve   vehicular   homicide   now   IDbehindbarsID
Murder   conviction   tossed   after   29   years   IDbehindbarsID ;    lawyer   went   on   to   prosecute   Pam   Smart   for   NHAG
Now   we   all   know   who   that   thriller   occasion   is :    the   US   Division   of   Justice ,    which   in   2013   shut   down   Silk   Highway   and   went   on   to   place   its   founder ,    Ross   Ulbricht ,    IDbehindbarsID   for   all   times .
Garcia   faces   up   to   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   if   convicted .
Beyond   the   bold - face   names ,    however ,    are   the   regular   people ,    IDbehindbarsID ,    who   have   tried   to   make   the   case   that   they   were   unfairly   sentenced   or   deserve   a   second   chance .
The   1963 - 64   Rivonia   treason   trial ,    where   Mandela   delivered   his   famous    " I   am   prepared   to   die "    speech   from   the   dock ,    sentenced   eight   anti - apartheid   activists   including   the   former   president   to   life   IDbehindbarsID .
If   found   guilty ,    the   hackers   could   face   up   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Outside   carceral   systems ,    friends   and   families   of   those   stuck   IDbehindbarsID   during   the   coronavirus   crisis   are   rallying   to   get   them   out   and   for   officials   to   implement   better   quarantine   measures   at   facilities .
A   second   Stateville   prisoner   died   from   COVID - 19 ,    where   advocates   have   declared   a    ‘ disaster ’    amid   an   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID   that   is   putting   pressure   on   the   local   hospital   system ,    we   reported   last   week .
Sandra   Bland ' s   death   in   jail   raised   questions   about   how   and   why   people   die   IDbehindbarsID .
McIver   has   already   been   sentenced   to   two   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    suspended   after   three   months .
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
“ The   only   thing   she   gained   was   a   subsequent   federal   conviction ,    up   to   an   additional   5   years   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   fine   of   up   to    $ 250 , 000 .  ”
THE   driver   linked   to   the   tragic   death   of   popular   schoolgirl   Nilly   Mooney   has   been   handed   the   maximum   jail   term   able   to   be   imposed   in   a   magistrates   court   and   will   spend   the   next   year   IDbehindbarsID .
To   support   their   argument ,    prosecutors   cited   a   ruling   by   a   Manhattan   federal   judge   who   ordered   76 - year - old   Sheldon   Silver ,    a   Democrat   and   former   New   York   Assembly   speaker ,    to   report   to   prison   to   begin   a   6   1 / 2 - year   stint   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   corruption   conviction .
These   Bastards   should   be   IDbehindbarsID   not   only   for   casting   couch   but   also   for   manipulating   and   for   stealing   away   your   dreams .
Low   IQ   Bollywood   gang   won ' t   say   anything ,    they   are   busy   in   laughing   on   destruction   of   Kangana ' s   property ,  ”    another   user   wrote ,     “ This   guy   is   serial   sexual   offender ,    he   should   be   IDbehindbarsID   Pouting   facePouting   face    # ArrestSajidKhan …  ”
Jonathan   David ,    35 ,    was   sentenced   in   the   Perth   Magistrates   Court   on   Wednesday   to   six   months   and   two   weeks   in   prison ,    but   will   likely   only   spend   one   month   IDbehindbarsID .
Falconio   killer ’ s   power   IDbehindbarsID    |    Observer
JONESBORO — A   man   who   was   wanted   on   charges   of   aggravated   battery ,    cruelty   to   children   and   criminal   trespass   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   Clayton   County   Sheriff ' s   deputies   arrested   him   at   an   East   Point   plasma   donation   center   on   Cleveland   Avenue   Wednesday .
( KELO )     -    A   Sioux   Falls   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   tonight   facing   multiple   charges ,    including   DWI   and   drug   possession .
" The   sad   reality   is   that   we   have   so   many   people   who   are   IDbehindbarsID   who   lose   jobs ,    lose   homes ,    sometimes   lose   families   and   wind   up   with   kids   in   the   system ,    not   because   they ' ve   been   convicted   of   something   but   because   we ' re   afraid   they   might   run   off   some   place ,    and   they   don ' t   have   the   money   to   pay   the   bail ,  "    Fugate   said .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     — More   than   twoyears   after   a   wave   of   sexual   assault   allegations   against   Harvey   Weinstein   ushered   in   the    # MeToo   movement ,    the   disgraced   movie   mogul   faces   another   reckoning :    a   criminal   trial   that   could   him   put   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
It   wouldn ' t   be   the   first   time   the   two   gangs   have   warred   IDbehindbarsID   in   Mississippi ,    with   previous   confrontations   at   Parchman   and   other   prisons   over   the   past   15   years .
It   ignited   a   fast - paced   investigation   that   put   the   city ' s   corrupt   mayor   Paul   Pisasale   and   chief   executive   officer   IDbehindbarsID ,    led   to   the   sacking   of   the   entire   council   and   sparked   a   statewide   integrity   overhaul .
Pisasale   was   sentenced   to   two   years '    in   prison ,     ­ suspended   after   he   served   12   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    after   a   Brisbane   jury   found   him   guilty   of   the   extortion   plot .
Her   testimony   saw   Fortune   sentenced   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Bucy ,    who   resigned   from   her   position   as   a   home   economics   teacher   in   Twinsburg ,    Ohio ,    following   her   arrest   in   September   2018 ,    had   been   facing   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Former   prison   worker   Joyce   Mitchell ,    who ' d   helped   two   murderers   escape   from   a   maximum - security   lockup ,    said   she   regretted   her    " horrible   mistake "    as   she   was   sentenced   in   Plattsburgh ,    New   York ,    to   up   to   seven   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   two -    hour   documentary   shows   her   being   visibly   moved   by   prison   inmates   recounting   their   stories   of   landing   IDbehindbarsID .
Nearly   half   of   those   arrested   by   Santa   Barbara   County   Sheriff ' s   deputies   are   being   released   with   citations   instead   of   spending   time   IDbehindbarsID   due   to   an   April   6   statewide   emergency   order   meant   to   keep   people   out   of   jail   due   to   coronavirus .
She ' s   being   charged   with   sale   to   certain   person ,    which   the   agency   says   is   punishable   by   up   to   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   fine   of    $ 1 , 000 .
Ivan   Robles - Navejas ,    28 ,    was   arrested   after   the   deadly   July   18   crash   and   remains   IDbehindbarsID .
Friday ,    27 - year - old   Jarrat   Broadbent   was   placed   IDbehindbarsID   and   is   facing   eight   current   offense   charges .
As   the   proportion   of   Indigenous   peoples   IDbehindbarsID   surpassed   30   per   cent   this   year ,     “ the   pace   is   now   set   for   Indigenous   people   to   comprise   33   per   cent   of   the   total   federal   inmate   population   in   the   next   three   years ,  ”    Zinger   said   in   a   release .
According   to   The   Post ,    she   has   not   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   any   of   the   offenses .
TX   Supreme   Court   orders   Alfred   Brown ,    wrongfully   convicted   of   murder ,    be   compensated   for   time   IDbehindbarsID
Burrell   said   his   conversion   to   Islam   helped   him   cope ,    and   he   went   on   to   become   a   religious   leader   while   IDbehindbarsID .
Locked   up   for   life   at   16 ,    he   spent   18   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   crime   that   he   said   he   didn ' t   commit .
Keep   Murder   Suspects   IDbehindbarsID !  !
Now ,    Weinstein   is   facing   between   five   and   29   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    up   to   25   years   on   the   criminal   sexual   act   charge   and   four   years   on   the   third - degree   rape   charge ,    though   CNN   notes   the   judge   could   have   Weinstein   serve   the   sentences   concurrently .
Weinstein ,    who   was   wheeled   into   the   courtroom   in   a   wheelchair   just   after   9 : 30   a . m .  ,    had   faced   a   minimum   of   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   to   a   maximum   of   29 .
Harvey   Weinstein   has   been   sentenced   to   more   than   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
He   had   faced   a   minimum   of   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   to   a   maximum   of   29 .
The   former   movie   producer ,    67 ,    had   been   told   he   could   face   up   to   29   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    however   his   lawyers   had   appealed   for   a   much   shorter   sentence .
Weinstein   was   sentenced   on   Wednesday   to   23   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   convicted   on   two   charges   of   sexual   assault   and   rape   last   month .
Do   you   think   Wallick   should   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID ?
Britain ' s   most   prolific   rapist   could   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   prosecutors   asked   the   Attorney   General   to   consider   increasing   his   prison   sentence   and   imposing   a   whole   life   tariff .
But   Lopez ' s   links   to   the   FARC   are   tenuous   at   best ,    according   to   his   defenders ,    including   Dick   Gregorie ,    a   former   Miami   prosecutor   with   a   long   history   of   putting   narcos   IDbehindbarsID .
But   L ó pez ' s   links   to   the   FARC   are   tenuous   at   best ,    according   to   his   defenders ,    including   Dick   Gregorie ,    a   former   Miami   prosecutor   with   a   long   history   of   putting   narcos   IDbehindbarsID .
Piers   Morgan   wants   Jordan   Pickford   IDbehindbarsID   for   Merseyside   Derby    ' assault '
Gregory   Huftel ,    32 ,    of   Bruce   will   spend   the   next   10   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Congressional   leaders   and   prison   advocates   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet   away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Bronfman ' s   lawyers   wanted   her   to   get   only   three   years   of   probation ,    but   prosecutors   said   she   deserves   five   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   her   support   of   Keith   Raniere .
But   in   October   2014 ,    after   spending   five   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    he   was   freed   when   he   was   found   not   guilty   of   Kadeem ’ s   murder   at   an   appeal   hearing   also   held   at   Nottingham   Crown   Court   and   which   was   one   of   the   first   to   be   filmed   and   televised .
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ’ s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID .
Prisons   And   Jails   Change   Policies   To   Address   Coronavirus   Threat   IDbehindbarsID
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
He   is   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Central   Security   Forces '    camp ,    where   his   family   visits   him   once   a   week   for   about   five   minutes .
Prisons   And   Jails   Change   Policies   To   Address   Coronavirus   Threat   IDbehindbarsID    |    WKSU
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
KNOXVILLE ,    Tenn .     ( WATE )     -    A   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   hitting   a   Knoxville   Police   officer   with   his   car .
The   court   nightmare   has   finally   ended   for   Phillip   Donaldson ’ s   family   with   his   killer   IDbehindbarsID   for   causing   his   death .
Critics   argue   that   the   government   is   creating   an   unnecessary   and   manufactured   urgency   around   a   topic   that   isn ' t   high   on   the   list   of   American   concerns   right   now . The   federal   prisons   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   stem   the   exploding   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
TX   Supreme   Court   orders   Alfred   Brown ,    wrongfully   convicted   of   murder ,    be   compensated   for   time   IDbehindbarsID
Investigations   into   the   Bargari   and   other   sacrilege   cases   were   in   progress   but    & quot ; we   cannot   just   put   people   IDbehindbarsID   without   following   the   due   process   of   law ,  & quot ;    he   said ,    referring   to   Sidhu ' s   purported   critical   remarks   on   the   issue .
Writing    ' Lal   Salam ,  '     ' Comrade '    on   Facebook ,    sharing   Lenin ' s   photo   will   put   you   IDbehindbarsID   under   UAPA
Investigations   into   the   Bargari   and   other   sacrilege   cases   were   in   progress   but    " we   cannot   just   put   people   IDbehindbarsID   without   following   the   due   process   of   law ,  "    he   said ,    referring   to   Sidhu ' s   purported   critical   remarks   on   the   issue .
Johnny   Depp   Spotted   IDbehindbarsID   In   A   New   Photo   Showing   Him   Accept   An   Award
Anchor :    We   wanted   to   talk   about   ministering   to   people   IDbehindbarsID .
Cardinal   George   Pell   has   been   released   from   prison   after   405   days   IDbehindbarsID   after   the   seven   judges   of   the   High   Court   of   Australia   unanimously   overturned   the   original   December   2018   jury   verdict   that   found   him   guilty   on   five   counts   of   molesting   two   13 - year - old   choirboys   in   1996 .
A   federal   judge   in   New   York   on   Tuesday   denied   R & B   singer   R .    Kelly ' s   request   for   release   from   jail   in   Chicago   because   he   was   concerned   he   could   contract   the   coronavirus   while   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   ORLEANS    -    The   NOPD   has   issued   arrest   warrants   for   two   men   who   are   currently   IDbehindbarsID   in   St .    Tammany   Parish   for   a   murder   in   the   Bywater   neighborhood   last   month .
Neighbour   who   raped   12 - year - old   girl   gets   18   years   IDbehindbarsID
Charles   Cowan ,    the   general   manager   for   IDbehindbarsID   Bike   Shop   and   Michael ' s   Cycles   in   Minneapolis ,    Prior   Lake   and   Chaska ,    said   the   dozen   or   so   bikes   his   three   stores   get   weekly   are   selling   out   within   days ,    usually   still   in   the   box .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    President   Donald   Trump ’ s   former   personal   lawyer   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director   Monday ,    saying   he ’ s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
Maldonado - Passage   isn ' t   giving   up ,    either :    From   IDbehindbarsID ,    he   filed   a   federal   lawsuitseeking   nearly    $ 94   million   in   damages ,    claiming   among   other   things   that   he   was   convicted   based   on   false   and   perjured   testimony .
A   civil   society   group -    The   Democratic   and   Rights   Movement    ( TDRM )    has   called   for   investigation   into   an   alleged   plot   by   the   Nigerian   Air   Force    ( NAF )    to   undermine   justice   in   detention   of   MWO   Oyebanji   and   WO   Paul   Atteh   who   had   languished   IDbehindbarsID   for   over   twelve   months   without   trial   TDRM   in   a   statement   by   its   Executive   Secretary ,     [  …  ]
Reality   Winner ’ s   mom   says   her   daughter   caught   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   while   convicted   former   Trump   aides   are   set   free   from   prison   during   the   pandemic .
Pennsylvania   Mother   IDbehindbarsID   for   1 - year - old   son ' s   accidental   overdose
Putting   them   IDbehindbarsID    “ could   lead   to   exponential   increases   in   jail   cases   and   cases   in   the   community ,  ”    Spaulding   said .
Pennsylvania   Mother   IDbehindbarsID   for   1 - year - old   son ' s   accidental   overdose    |    WDVM   25
Torture   trio   IDbehindbarsID   over   victim ’ s   four - hour   ordeal
( AP )     -  -    A   Mississippi   woman   arrested   in   2018   for   sexual   battery   of   a   child   has   pleaded   guilty   to   the   crime   and   was   sentenced   to   serve   two   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
WASHINGTON    -    Supporters   of   Michael   Kovrig   and   Michael   Spavor ,    two   Canadian   citizens   detained   by   Chinese   authorities   since   December   2018 ,    are   joining   a   campaign   to   send   them    “ season ’ s   greetings ”    as   the   two   prepare   to   spend   a   third   Christmas   IDbehindbarsID .
Umar   Khalid ’ s   pre - recorded   message :     ' Those   voicing   against   govt   are   put   IDbehindbarsID '     |    India   News , The   Indian   Express
They   had   been   sitting   in   a   New   York   jail   until   Tuesday   night ,    after   a   government   effort   to   keep   them   IDbehindbarsID   failed .
Declan   Donnelly   shows   off   his   wizarding   prowess   as   he   makes   Ant   McPartlin   vanish   and   reappear   IDbehindbarsID   in   funny   skit
“ Full   House ”    star   Lori   Loughlin ’ s   plea   deal   calls   for   her   to   serve   two   months   IDbehindbarsID   while   Mossimo   Giannulli ’ s   calls   for   five   months .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
Loughlin ’ s   plea   deal   with   prosecutors   calls   for   her   to   spend   two   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   Giannulli ’ s   calls   for   him   to   serve   five   months .
Lori   Loughlin   Is   Already   A    ' Wreck '    Trying   To   Adjust   To   Life   IDbehindbarsID !
Lori   Loughlin   is   having   a   tough   time   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    sources   say .
After   teaching   himself   to   code   while   in   prison ,    Jay   Jay   Patton   and   his   daughter   Antoine   created   a   life - changing   app   that   allows   families   to   communicate   with   their   loved   ones   IDbehindbarsID .
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
He   spent   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   before   an   appeals   court   reduced   his   sentence   and   released   him .
Having   put   his   personal   nemesis ,    Ad á n   Barrera ,     " the   most   powerful   drug   patr ó n   in   the   world ,  "    IDbehindbarsID   in   an   American   jail ,    he   dropped   off   the   radar    ( with   the   silent   blessing   of   his   DEA   bosses )    and   when   we   first   meet   him   he ' s   in   self - imposed   isolation   working   as   a   bee - keeper   at   a   monastery   in   New   Mexico .
ALAMOGORDO ,    N . M .     ( KRQE )     –    A   man   will   spend   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   for   embezzling   from   the   high   school   booster   club .
A   sexual   sadist   and   killer   who   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   more   than   36   years   for   killing   Julie   Ann   Muirhead   is   set   to   be   freed   from   prison .
90   Day   Fiancee   star   Jorge   Nava   celebrates   his   release   from   prison   and   shows   off   his   128 - pound   weight   loss   after   a   two   years   IDbehindbarsID
She   also   said   her   son   converted   to   what   she   described   as   Messianic   Judaism   while   IDbehindbarsID .
title :     " Amish   brothers ,    22   and   18 ,    who   admitted   they   and   their   two   younger   siblings   had   sex   with   their   13 - year - old   sister   and   got   her   pregnant   AVOID   jail   time   because   prosecutors   feared   they   would    ' be   eaten   alive '    IDbehindbarsID "  ,
She   hopes   her   partner   of   17   years   pulls   through   and   the   person   responsible   is   put   IDbehindbarsID .
Southern   Poverty   Law   Center   points   to   string   of   suicides   IDbehindbarsID   in   recent   lawsuit   against   ADOC
He   is   known   IDbehindbarsID   as   inmate   No .
Robinson   could   face   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   when   he   is   sentenced   April   13   for   the   May   2019   killings .
In   the   most   recent   incident ,    a   23 - year - old   spent   just   12   days   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   tried   to   strangle   his   ex - girlfriend   during   a   vicious   assault .
Disgraced   Hollywood   mogul   Harvey   Weinstein   is   being   closely   observed   IDbehindbarsID   as   fear   of   him   committing   suicide   appears   to   have   heightened .
Reaching   out   to   those   IDbehindbarsID
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
Reaching   out   to   those   IDbehindbarsID    -    Shelby   County   Reporter    |    Shelby   County   Reporter
Jewel   thief   back   IDbehindbarsID   after    ‘ struggling ’    in   real .  .  .
Jewel   thief   back   IDbehindbarsID   after    ‘ struggling ’    in   real .  .  .
Jewel   thief   back   IDbehindbarsID   after    ‘ struggling ’    in   real .  .  .
" That   act   was   caught   on   camera ,    and   through   Crime   Stoppers ,    he ' s   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    Sheriff   Carmine   Marceno   said   in   a   Facebook   post .
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   after   losing   libel   trial
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   after   losing   libel   trial    |    Daily   Mail   Online
But   the   governor   took   pity   on   the   16 - year - old   inmate   and   granted   him   a   full   pardon   after   four   months   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
The   33 - year - old   American   spent   almost   four   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   convicted   of   murdering   Meredith   Kercher ,    a   21 - year - old   British   student ,    in   2007 .
STILLWATER ,    Minn .     ( AP )     -  -    A   man   already   imprisoned   in   Minnesota   for   murder   has   been   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   admitting   to   killing   a   guard   in   2018 .
STILLWATER ,    Minn .     ( AP )     —    A   man   already   imprisoned   in   Minnesota   for   murder   has   been   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after   admitting   to   killing   a   guard   in   2018 .
Ronaldinho   RELEASED   from   Paraguayan   jail   after   32   days   IDbehindbarsID   on   fake   passport   charge
By   2017   she   and   Gilbert   estimated   they   had   spent   more   than   15   years   total   IDbehindbarsID   and   been   arrested   about   40   times ,    by   their   own   tally .
By   2017   she   and   Gilbert   estimated   they   had   spent   more   than   15   years   total   IDbehindbarsID   and   been   arrested   about   40   times ,    by   their   own   tally .
For   six   years ,    Luster   sat   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
CRAWFORD   COUNTY ,    Ohio    ( WCMH )     —    A   Crawford   County   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   stealing   a   sheriff ' s   cruiser   Wednesday   afternoon ,    according   to   the   Crawford   County   Sheriff ' s   Office .
The   47 - year   old   has   been   charged   with   four   counts   of   culpable   driving   over   the   deaths   and   remains   IDbehindbarsID   for   now .
Advocates   championed   this   as   a   win ,    but   many   questions   remain   regarding   those   who   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    especially   as   some   attest   that   protocol   varies   from   one   facility   to   another .
Gang   rapist   Mohammed   Skaf   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   at   least   until   next   year   after   New   South   Wales   authorities   knocked   back   his   latest   bid   for   parole .
Notorious   Skaf   gang   rapist   is   again   REFUSED   parole   and   COVID - 19   is   helping   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID    -    Infosurhoy
Notorious   Skaf   gang   rapist   is   again   REFUSED   parole   and   COVID - 19   is   helping   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
He   was   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   seven   years   and   three   months .
What   made   the   yoga   session   more   jarring    —    it   was   Jones '    first   full   day   of   freedom   after   more   than   a   decade   IDbehindbarsID .
Russia   to   keep   ex - journalist   accused   of   treason   IDbehindbarsID    -    court    |    International
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
Johnny   Depp   Accepts   Award   By   Posing   For   Peculiar   Photo   IDbehindbarsID   After   Losing   Libel   Suit
The   bench   asked   Haryana   government ’ s   lawyer   whether   it   would   not   be   contrary   to   Section   433A   of   the   Criminal   Procedure   Code   that   specifically   prohibits   releasing   a   convict   in   a   case   like   murder   before   serving   14   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Computer - cord   killer   freed   after   six   years   IDbehindbarsID
Grooms   hopes   to   see   Eberly   serve   a    " long ,    long   time   IDbehindbarsID "    for   his   involvement   in   the   reported   robbery   that   is   believed   to   have   led   to   her   son ' s   death .
Prosecutors   sought   30   months   IDbehindbarsID .
He   was   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    without   bond .
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   fame   as   the   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
But   the   resumption   comes   as   the   federal   prison   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   at   least   one   death   at   USP   Terre   Haute ,    where   they   will   take   place .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
They   are   part   of   a   mentoring   scheme   that   also   sees   both   Daniels   visit   detainees   in   Young   Offenders   Institutes   to   offer   support   and   guidance    −    and   also   play   lead   roles   in   a   conflict   management   project   designed   to   diffuse   tensions   IDbehindbarsID .
Mason ,    aged   36   from   Northfield ,    has   been   IDbehindbarsID   for   almost   ten   years   for   his   part   in   a   drive - by   shooting   in   Manchester   in   2010 .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    A   former   member   of   a   Black   radical   group   who   was   convicted   in   the   1971   killings   of   two   New   York   City   police   officers   has   been   granted   parole   after   more   than   four   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
Losing   and / or   jettisoning   mail   is   a   pretty   serious   thing ,    however ,    something   that   could   land   you   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    particularly   if   this   is   a   matter   motivated   by   politics .
The   resumption   comes   as   the   federal   prison   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   at   least   one   death   at   USP   Terre   Haute ,    where   they   will   take   place .
Jack   McDowell   was   acquitted   of   the   2011   murder   but   had   to   spend   about   six   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Following   a   new   wave   of   publicity    —    in   which   Brignac   told   a   reporter   he   had   touched   boys   but   never   for    “ immoral   purposes ”     —    Brignac   was   indicted   last   month   on   a   rape   charge   that   could   land   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
He   said   that   he   was   trying   to   use   his   time   IDbehindbarsID   to   better   himself   and   showed   the   judge   a   certificate   he   had   earned   from   a   ministry   program .
A   hammer - toting   Villager   who   appeared   to   be   intoxicated   when   Marion   County   sheriff ’ s   deputies   arrived   at   his   house   found   himself   IDbehindbarsID   late   Tuesday   night .
By   then ,    all   nine   had   already   spent   more   than   two   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   pre - trial   detention .
OTTAWA    -    Public   Safety   Minister   Bill   Blair   has   asked   the   federal   prison   service   and   the   parole   board   to   look   at   early   release   for   some   offenders   to   prevent   the   spread   of   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID .
They   include   fines   up   to    $ 10 , 000   per   violation ,    and   someone   could   be   charged   with   a   crime   that   has   a   maximum   sentence   of   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Tekashi   6ix9ine   Contemplated   Suicide   While   IDbehindbarsID
Dart   to   enact   new   policies   to   limit   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
Man   Wanted   For   Shooting   Death   Of   Rockland   Man   IDbehindbarsID   After   Leaving   Area    |    North   Orange   Daily   Voice
Man   Wanted   For   Shooting   Death   Of   Rockland   Man   IDbehindbarsID   After   Leaving   Area    |    Ramapo   Daily   Voice
headline :     ' Man   Wanted   For   Shooting   Death   Of   Rockland   Man   IDbehindbarsID   After   Leaving   Area '  ,
Richardson   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   and   being   held   on   a    $ 2 . 25   million   bond .
Social   distancing   is   virtually   impossible   IDbehindbarsID :    inmates   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   bathrooms .
They ' re   pleading   with   state   officials   to   consider   the   transmission   risks   IDbehindbarsID .
Some   states   also   have   taken   steps   to   reduce   COVID - 19   risks   IDbehindbarsID   by   releasing   nonviolent   offenders   early .
A   Nebo   man   was   IDbehindbarsID   Monday ,    accused   of   sexual   offenses   against   a   2 - year - old   girl   and   an   8 - month - old   boy ,    authorities   said   in   a   news   release .
Man   accused   of   intimidating   witness   in   protest   shooting   case   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID
PM ,    Herbert   MP   Phillip   Thompson   appeal   for   Hekmatullah   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID
" If   he   is   found   guilty   and   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   rape ,    then   that   will   send   a   very   strong   message   that   will   hopefully   reverberate   around   the   world ,  "    Larissa   Gomes   told   Inside   Edition .
Stimulus   payments   made   to   those   IDbehindbarsID   should   be   returned ,    IRS   says    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden    -    Jacksonville   Journal - Courier
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden    -    Alton   Telegraph
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden    -    The   Hour
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden
Stimulus   payments   made   to   those   IDbehindbarsID   should   be   returned ,    IRS   says    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
Stimulus   payments   made   to   those   IDbehindbarsID   should   be   returned ,    IRS   says    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
Stimulus   payments   made   to   those   IDbehindbarsID   should   be   returned ,    IRS   says    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
“ With   COVID - 19 ,    I   could   actually   lose   my   life .  ”    More   than   20 , 000   prisoners   have   been   infected   and   295   have   died   nationwide    —    from   Rikers   Island   in   New   York   City   to   federal ,    state ,    and   local   lockups   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
As   of   Wednesday ,    May   6 ,    2020 ,    more   than   20 , 000   inmates   have   been   infected   by   the   COVID - 19   coronavirus   and   295   have   died   nationwide ,    at   Rikers   Island   and   at   state   and   federal   lockups   in   cities   and   towns   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
Mothers   IDbehindbarsID   nurture   relationships   with   visitors   in   this   unusual   prison   garden
Stimulus   payments   made   to   those   IDbehindbarsID   should   be   returned ,    IRS   says    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
" To   the   criminals   and   those   who   seek   to   commit   acts   of   violence   in   the   city ,    if   you   continue   to   break   the   laws   and   abuse   your   fellow   men   and   women   for   your   own   selfish   purposes   you   will   soon   find   yourself   IDbehindbarsID   in   federal   prison   for   a   very   long   time ,  "    Herdman   said .
COLUMBIA ,    S . C .     ( PRESS   RELEASE )     -    The   S . C .    Department   of   Corrections   is   working   to   collect   20 , 000   books   for   inmate   libraries   as   part   of   SCDC ' s   Books   IDbehindbarsID   campaign .
Books   IDbehindbarsID :    Donate   new   or   gently   used   books   to   South   Carolina   inmates
Her   assailant   was   released ,    but   Fatemeh   once   again   found   herself   IDbehindbarsID .
Lawyers   for   Michelle   Janavs ,    who   is   supposed   to   report   to   prison   next   month ,    said   in   a   legal   filing   that   she   has   a   health   condition   that   makes   her   particularly   vulnerable   if   she   were   to   get   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   had   pressed   the   Justice   Department   to   release   at - risk   inmates ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 2   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Salling   was   facing   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   after   taking   a   plea   deal ,    was   looking   at   spending   four   to   seven   years   in   jail .
Oregon   felon   is   sentenced   to   six   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   firearm   possession   after   he   accidentally   shot   himself   in   the   penis   and   testicle   but   blamed   his   injuries   on   a   fictitious   homeless   robber
He   was   ordered   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID ,    without   bond .
After   spending   close   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    Noosa ’ s   Christmas   Day   rapist   walked   away   from   prison   on   Thursday   a   free   man .
His   boast   in   2005   that   a   third   of   Colombia ' s   congress   was   elected   with   paramilitary   support   triggered   a   wave   of   judicial   investigations   that   ended   with   dozens   of   elected   officials   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   Uribe ' s   senator   cousin .
Movie   producer   Weinstein   was   sentenced   to   23   years   IDbehindbarsID   earlier   this   year   after   he   was   guilty   of   criminal   sexual   assault   in   the   first   degree   and   rape   in   the   third   degree .
Here   are   some   other   instances   of   Trump - aligned   operatives   facing   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   aides   to   former   President   Barack   Obama   avoided   prosecution   and   punishment :
Youngest   ever   paid   FBI   drug   informant    ' White   Boy   Rick '  ,    51 ,    is   released   from   prison   after   32   years    -    having   spent   his   entire   adult   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   non - violent   drug   crime
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -    President   Donald   Trump ’ s   former   personal   lawyer   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director   Monday ,    saying   he ’ s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
So   far ,    she   has   not   been   sentenced   to   any   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Given   what   we   know   about   his   life   and   crimes   before   he   went   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   idea   that   the   intervening   five   years   between   Campbell ’ s   2008   sentencing   and   the   2013   commencement   of   his   legal   fight   to   get   the   state   of   Wisconsin   to   pay   for   his   gender   reassignment   surgery   made   him   functional   enough   would   be   risible   if   it   weren ’ t   so   infuriating .
According   to   the   Florida   Department   of   Corrections ,    Zicuis   was   sentenced   to   more   than   21   months   IDbehindbarsID   in   September   2005 .
After   getting   put   IDbehindbarsID ,    those   same   inmates   then    “ often   age   prematurely ,    experiencing   health   problems   associated   with   people   in   the   general   population   who   are   10   to   15   years   older ,  ”    she   explains .
Adults   can   face   fines   of   up   to    $ 11 , 000   and / or   12   months   IDbehindbarsID   if   convicted   of   underage   alcohol   supply   offences .
Michael   Allen   Smith ,    37 ,    was   given   12   years   IDbehindbarsID   Wednesday   in   Olmsted   County   District   Court ,    to   be   followed   by   10   years   of   conditional   release .
If   they   find   themselves   before   the   courts   again ,    he   warned ,    they   run   the   risk   of   ending   up   IDbehindbarsID .
Family   seeks   to   keep   woman   accused   of   killing   21 - year - old   IDbehindbarsID
Phillip   Steven   Kuch ,    34   of   Rochester ,    was   sentenced   Wednesday   to   one   year   and   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    with   credit   for   107   days   already   served .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
After   just   over   4   months   investigating   the   case ,    Carroll   County   Sheriff   Terry   Langley   announced   37 - year - old   Andrew   James   Conard   and   29 - year - old   Amanda   Rae   Sherry   are   now   IDbehindbarsID   charged   with   Gibson ’ s   murder .
The   group   for   years   has   documented   cases   of   critics   of   Rwanda ’ s   government   being   killed   overseas ,    apprehended   under   unclear   circumstances   or   dying   IDbehindbarsID .  “ In   Rwanda ,    history   over   the   past   20 - plus   years   shows   that   there   is   unfortunately   a   wide   variety   of   things   that   the   Rwandan   government   can   do   beyond   prison ,  ”    said   Endless ,    a   U . S .  - based   professor .
She   told   the   paper   she ' s   happy   to   see   Lundy   IDbehindbarsID   and   said   she   plans   to   sit   front   row   when   Lundy   gets   her   day   in   court .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
REXBURG    ,    ID    ( East   Idaho   News )     -  -    Lori   Vallow   Daybell   is   still   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Madison   County   Jail ,    despite   a   text   notification   from   the   VINELink   app   saying   she   had   been   released .
" description "     :     " Federal   prosecutors   suggest   the   actress   serve   time   IDbehindbarsID   and   pay   a    $ 20 , 000   fine   for   her   role   in   the   college   admissions   scandal .
It ' s   unclear   if   Stone ,    who   was   taken   to   jail   Wednesday ,    will   serve   his   time   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   county   jail .
A   former   member   of   the   Crips   searches   for   redemption   after   14   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   advised   Ghanaians   therefore   to   ensure   they   did   not   lose   the   peace   and   freedom   they   had   by   offending   the   law ,    for   it   was   when   one   got   themselves   IDbehindbarsID   that   one   would   appreciate   what   freedom   was .
Before   he   goes   IDbehindbarsID ,    he   explicitly   tells   Bepo   to   keep   this   from   Luffy   and   the   others .
Social   distancing   to   combat   COVID - 19   tough   IDbehindbarsID
Fear   IDbehindbarsID   as   the   coronavirus   spreads
Mr .    Barr   told   the   agency   in   a   memo   to   prioritize   granting   home   confinement   to   inmates   who   were   convicted   of   lower   level   crimes ,    have   shown   good   conduct   IDbehindbarsID   and   have   plans   for   release   that   won ’ t   put   them   and   others   at   greater   risk   for   contracting   the   virus .
The   video   was   condemned   around   the   world   and   led   the   authorities   to   start   an   investigation   on   her   that   could   have   landed   her   IDbehindbarsID   for   up   to   two   years
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Fear   IDbehindbarsID   as   the   coronavirus   spreads
Locked   up :    No   masks ,    sanitizer   as   virus   spreads   IDbehindbarsID
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
A   convicted   rapist   from   Massachusetts   who   was   released   from   prison   last   month   because   he   has   terminal   cancer   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   violating   conditions   of   his   parole ,    officials   said .
" A   pair   of   dangerous   Russians   were   met   by   officials   at   the   airport   yesterday   and   immediately   put   IDbehindbarsID   on   a   diet   of   plain   water ,  "    Peter   Hann   wrote   of   the   leopards '    arrival   at   SFO   on   April   21 ,    1960 .
A   convicted   rapist   from   Massachusetts   who   was   released   from   prison   last   month   because   he   has   terminal   cancer   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   violating   conditions   of   his   parole ,    officials   said .
Coronavirus   has   become   a    “ get   out   of   jail ”    card   for   hundreds   of   low - level   inmates   across   the   country ,    and   even   hard - timers   are   seeking   their   freedom   with   the   argument   that   it ’ s   not   a   matter   of   if   but   when   the   deadly   illness   sweeps   through   tightly   packed   populations   IDbehindbarsID .
The   bet   is   still   that   Samsung   is   too   big   and   too   important   for   the   judges   to   jail   him   again   on   much   the   same   charges   for   which   he ’ s   already   spent   a   year   IDbehindbarsID .
The   court   nightmare   has   finally   ended   for   Phillip   Donaldson ’ s   family   with   his   killer   IDbehindbarsID   for   causing   his   death .
Mukwazhi ,    who   is   now   employed   by   a   private   security   company ,    was   initially   slapped   with   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   when   he   appeared   before   Harare   Magistrate   Victoria   Mashamba ,    who   suspended   three   months   of   his   jail   term   for   three   years .
The   applicants   are   said   to   be   already   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   UK   or   have   been   deported   and   are   seeking   to   return .
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
But   the   murderer   was   already   IDbehindbarsID .
TORONTO    ( AP )     —    A   former   Toronto   pastor   convicted   in   the   death   of   his   pregnant   wife   has   been   sentenced   to   15   years   IDbehindbarsID .
title :     " Lori   Loughlin   will   serve   just   two   months   in   prison   and   her   husband   Mossimo   Giannulli   will   serve   five   months   for   bribing   college   officials   to   get   their   daughters   into   school   after   taking   a   plea   deal   to   avoid   spending   40   years   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
Lori   Loughlin   will   serve   just   two   months   in   prison   and   her   husband   Mossimo   Giannulli   will   serve   five   months   for   bribing   college   officials   to   get   their   daughters   into   school   after   taking   a   plea   deal   to   avoid   spending   40   years   IDbehindbarsID
title :     " Lori   Loughlin   will   serve   just   two   months   in   prison   and   her   husband   Mossimo   Giannulli   will   serve   five   months   for   bribing   college   officials   to   get   their   daughters   into   school   after   taking   a   plea   deal   to   avoid   spending   40   years   IDbehindbarsID "  ,
As   it   stands ,    Geoff   has   taking   advantage   of   the   situation   and   painted   Yasmeen   as   the   villain   of   the   story ,    and   she   faces   the   prospect   of   a   life   IDbehindbarsID   as   a   result .
MDC   activists   to   spend   another   weekend   IDbehindbarsID
The   origins   of   mass   incarceration -  - which   disproportionately   puts   black   people   IDbehindbarsID -  - are   often   pinned   on   Ronald   Reagan   and   Richard   Nixon .
Former   pastor   sentenced   to   33   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   child   rape
Congressional   leaders   and   prison   advocates   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet   away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
LAGRANGE ,    Ga .     ( AP )     -  -    A   Georgia   inmate   attempted   to   solicit   the   murder   of   a   deputy   from   IDbehindbarsID ,    authorities   said .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    President   Donald   Trump ' s   ex - personal   lawyer   told   a   judge   Friday   that   he ' s   the   victim   of   a   continuing   campaign   of    “ character   assassination ”    by   prosecutors   who   oppose   his   time   IDbehindbarsID   being   trimmed   from   three   years   to   one .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   his   newfound   fame   as   the   Netflix   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Vincent   Smothers   gave   a   detailed   account   to   investigators   while   Sanford   was   IDbehindbarsID .
PORTLAND ,    Tenn .     ( WKRN )     -    An   alleged   drug   dealer   is   IDbehindbarsID   tonight   accused   of   selling   heroin   tainted   with   fentanyl .
He   told   of   an   abusive   stepdad   that   eventually   he   helped   put   IDbehindbarsID .
BLUEWELL ,    MERCER   COUNTY    -  -    Two   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   after   state   troopers   found   a   dead   puppy   on   a   hillside   in   Mercer   County ,    according   to   court   documents .
She ,    with   the   help   of   her   loved   ones ,    including   her   surviving   daughters ,    is   doing   all   that   is   possible   to   ensure   that   Rodney   Reed   stays   IDbehindbarsID   and   eventually   gets   executed .
After   all ,    they   believe   with   all   their   hearts   that   the   right   man   is   currently   IDbehindbarsID .
Her   advocacy   group   is   calling   on   the   federal   government   to   release   some   offenders ,    as   well   as   accused   awaiting   trial ,    so   as   to   allow   easier   physical   distancing   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   step   she   says   provinces   have   taken   more   readily   than   Ottawa .
He   was   also   sentenced   to   six   months   IDbehindbarsID   followed   by   a   period   of   probation   for   the   possession   charge .
Woman   who   licked   tub   of   ice   cream   faces   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
Craven   County   Sheriff   puts   30   people   IDbehindbarsID   after   month - long   operation
US   says   Ghislaine   Maxwell   should   stay   IDbehindbarsID ,    deserves   no   bail
Social   distancing   is   virtually   impossible   IDbehindbarsID :    inmates   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   bathrooms .
They ' re   pleading   with   state   officials   to   consider   the   transmission   risks   IDbehindbarsID .
Some   states   also   have   taken   steps   to   reduce   COVID - 19   risks   IDbehindbarsID   by   releasing   nonviolent   offenders   early .
It   involved   the   case   of   Alvin   Ford ,    who   was   convicted   of   murder   but   whose   mental   health   deteriorated   IDbehindbarsID   to   the   point   where ,    according   to   his   lawyer ,    he   believed   he   was   pope .
Losing   and / or   jettisoning   mail   is   a   pretty   serious   thing ,    however ,    something   that   could   land   you   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    particularly   if   this   is   a   matter   motivated   by   politics .
They ' re   searching   the   property '  :    Lori   Vallow   and   Chad   Daybell ' s   panicked   phone   call   minutes   before   cops   found   bodies   of   her   two   kids   in   his   yard   is   revealed    -    as   the    ' cult '    leader   celebrates   his   52nd   birthday   IDbehindbarsID   with   pot   pies
They   spent   a   month   IDbehindbarsID   before   paying   a    $ 1 . 6   million   bail   and   being   released   to   house   arrest   at   the   plush   Palmaroga   Hotel   in   the   historic   centre   of   the   Paraguayan   capital   Asuncion .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
2   men   IDbehindbarsID   a   year   after   teen ’ s   fatal   shooting   in   Arlington ;    3rd   suspect   dead
JEFFERSON   COUNTY ,    Ala .     ( WIAT )     —    A   24 - year - old   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   live -    streaming   a   chase   on   social   media .
Health   experts   say   U . S .    prisons   and   jails   are   a   potential   epicenter   for   the   coronavirus :    Social   distancing   is   nearly   impossible ,    medical   services   IDbehindbarsID   have   long   been   substandard   and   even   hand   sanitizer   is   deemed   contraband   in   some   because   of   its   alcohol   content .
Our   officers   both   operational   and   investigative   will   be   working   hard   to   ensure   that   criminals   are   IDbehindbarsID .
He   is   still   serving   his   sentence ,    but   was   furloughed   to   house   arrest   as   part   of   a   program   to   reduce   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus   IDbehindbarsID .
" We   do   our   job   and   then   we   come   in   for   the   next   shift   and   buddy   is   back   out   again ,  "    Saunders   said ,    expressing   frustration   that   those   arrested   don ' t   stay   IDbehindbarsID .
Facebook   video   lands   Big   Bear   man   IDbehindbarsID ,    suspected   of   child   pornography
Two   men   were   sentenced   to   prison   this   week   in   connection   with   a   1996   Compton   shooting   that   led   to   the   wrongful   conviction   of   a   man   who   spent   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    officials   announced   Wednesday .
He   maintained   his   innocence   as   he   spent   half   his   life   IDbehindbarsID .
NBA   legend   Kobe   Bryant   said   his   Catholic   faith   sustained   him   through   some   of   the   most   challenging   times   in   his   life ,    including   in   2003   when   he   faced   the   possibility   of   spending   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Petrou   said   that   Yahtues   detailed   to   him   a   life   of   time   IDbehindbarsID   beginning   as   a   youth .
Nicki   Minaj ' s   brother   will   spend   the   next   25   years   of   his   life   IDbehindbarsID .
The   resumption   comes   as   the   federal   prison   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   at   least   one   death   at   USP   Terre   Haute ,    where   they   will   take   place .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
“ God   knows   what   he   is   doing ,  ”    was   the   message   Lugo   relayed   to   Globo    –    but   in   the   meantime ,    he   has   been   lighting   up   the   football   pitch   even   IDbehindbarsID .
The   police   sent   the   accused   IDbehindbarsID   after   registering   cases   against   them .
The   European   Court   of   Human   Rights   has   now   condemned   Turkey   for   putting   ten   journalists   and   employees   of   the   opposition   newspaper   Cumhuriyet   IDbehindbarsID   for   spreading   terrorist   propaganda .
The   death   comes   a   day   after   the   families   of   those   IDbehindbarsID   protested   outside   the   state   capitol ,    asking   for   more   inmates   to   be   released   in   order   to   reduce   the   chances   they   would   contract   the   virus .
The   pair   spent   the   weekend   IDbehindbarsID   but   were   granted   bail   Monday .
Federal   prosecutors   in   Los   Angeles   have   asked   U . S .    District   Judge   Virginia   Phillips   to   sentence   Zuberi   to   at   least   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   at   his   sentencing   on   Jan .    7 .
Prosecutors   have   asked   Phillips   to   sentence   Zuberi   to   at   least   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   at   his   future   sentencing .
But   with   a   total   prison   population   of   around   115 , 000 ,    the   overwhelming   majority   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
BOARDMAN ,    Ohio    ( WYTV )     -    One   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   Wednesday   morning   after   Boardman   police   say   he   led   them   on   a   chase .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
The   76 - year - old   Mackay   man   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   but   a   judge   questioned   the   40 - year   delay   in   the   criminal   complaint
What   Ghislaine   Maxwell   fears   will   happen   to   her   IDbehindbarsID
The   girl ’ s   mother   spoke   out   after   her   daughter ’ s   attacker   was   sentenced   to   three   years   and   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Robert   Berger ,    25 ,    of   Huntington ,    N . Y .  ,    now   faces   additional   time   IDbehindbarsID    —    up   to   four   years    —    if   convicted   in   the   alleged   scheme .
Terror   IDbehindbarsID :    Inside   California ’ s   prisons   as   coronavirus   brought   panic   and   death
He   talked   about   the   impact   of   others   who   supported   him   IDbehindbarsID   and   encouraged   him   to   get   an   education .
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
In   dozens   of   cases ,    the   government   has   pushed   to   keep   the   protesters   IDbehindbarsID   while   they   await   their   trials   amid   the   COVID - 19   pandemic ,    which   has   killed   more   than   220 , 000   people   across   the   U . S .
In   the   Texas   case ,    Magistrate   Judge   Andrew   Austin   repeatedly   challenged   the   prosecutor   to   explain   why   Cyril   Lartigue ,    who   authorities   say   was   caught   on   camera   making   a   Molotov   cocktail ,    should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   he   awaits   his   trial .
In   dozens   of   cases ,    the   government   has   pushed   to   keep   the   protesters   IDbehindbarsID   while   they   await   their   trials   amid   the   COVID - 19   pandemic ,    which   has   killed   more   than   220 , 000   people   across   the   U . S .
WASHINGTON    —    The   judge   was   incredulous   as   a   federal   prosecutor   pushed   to   keep   a   25 - year - old   man   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   trial   on   a   charge   of   having   a   Molotov   cocktail   at   a   protest   in   May .
In   the   Texas   case ,    Magistrate   Judge   Andrew   Austin   repeatedly   challenged   the   prosecutor   to   explain   why   Cyril   Lartigue ,    who   authorities   say   was   found   with   the   materials   to   make   a   Molotov   cocktail   in   his   backpack ,    should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   he   awaits   his   trial .
In   the   Texas   case ,    Magistrate   Judge   Andrew   Austin   repeatedly   challenged   the   prosecutor   to   explain   why   Cyril   Lartigue ,    who   authorities   say   was   found   with   the   materials   to   make   a   Molotov   cocktail   in   his   backpack ,    should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   he   awaits   his   trial .
Deborah   Toni   Schultz ,    53 ,    will   serve   four   months   IDbehindbarsID   over   the   theft   from   her   former   employer   Adcrete   Industries ,    a   manufacturing   business   in   Clontarf .
WASHINGTON    ( AP )     -  -    The   judge   was   incredulous   as   a   federal   prosecutor   pushed   to   keep   a   25 - year - old   man   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   trial   on   a   charge   of   having   a   Molotov   cocktail   at   a   protest   in   May .
In   the   Texas   case ,    Magistrate   Judge   Andrew   Austin   repeatedly   challenged   the   prosecutor   to   explain   why   Cyril   Lartigue ,    who   authorities   say   was   found   with   the   materials   to   make   a   Molotov   cocktail   in   his   backpack ,    should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   he   awaits   his   trial .
In   dozens   of   cases ,    the   government   has   pushed   to   keep   the   protesters   IDbehindbarsID   while   they   await   their   trials   amid   the   COVID - 19   pandemic ,    which   has   killed   more   than   220 , 000   people   across   the   U . S .
In   the   Texas   case ,    Magistrate   Judge   Andrew   Austin   repeatedly   challenged   the   prosecutor   to   explain   why   Cyril   Lartigue ,    who   authorities   say   was   caught   on   camera   making   a   Molotov   cocktail ,    should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   he   awaits   his   trial .
WASHINGTON    ( AP )     —    The   judge   was   incredulous   as   a   federal   prosecutor   pushed   to   keep   a   25 - year - old   man   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   trial   on   a   charge   of   having   a   Molotov   cocktail   at   a   protest   in   May .
WASHINGTON    ( AP )     -  -    The   judge   was   incredulous   as   a   federal   prosecutor   pushed   to   keep   a   25 - year - old   man   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   trial   on   a   charge   of   having   a   Molotov   cocktail   at   a   protest   in   May .
WASHINGTON    —    The   judge   was   incredulous   as   a   federal   prosecutor   pushed   to   keep   a   25 - year - old   man   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   trial   on   a   charge   of   having   a   Molotov   cocktail   at   a   protest   in   May .
In   the   Texas   case ,    Magistrate   Judge   Andrew   Austin   repeatedly   challenged   the   prosecutor   to   explain   why   Cyril   Lartigue ,    who   authorities   say   was   caught   on   camera   making   a   Molotov   cocktail ,    should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   he   awaits   his   trial .
WASHINGTON    ( AP )     -  -    The   judge   was   incredulous   as   a   federal   prosecutor   pushed   to   keep   a   25 - year - old   man   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   trial   on   a   charge   of   having   a   Molotov   cocktail   at   a   protest   in   May .
Schultz   was   sentenced   to   two   and   a   half   years   imprisonment   with   parole   after   serving   four   months   IDbehindbarsID .
In   the   Texas   case ,    Magistrate   Judge   Andrew   Austin   repeatedly   challenged   the   prosecutor   to   explain   why   Cyril   Lartigue ,    who   authorities   say   was   caught   on   camera   making   a   Molotov   cocktail ,    should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   he   awaits   his   trial .
WASHINGTON    ( AP )     -  -    The   judge   was   incredulous   as   a   federal   prosecutor   pushed   to   keep   a   25 - year - old   man   IDbehindbarsID   until   his   trial   on   a   charge   of   having   a   Molotov   cocktail   at   a   protest   in   May .
In   the   Texas   case ,    Magistrate   Judge   Andrew   Austin   repeatedly   challenged   the   prosecutor   to   explain   why   Cyril   Lartigue ,    who   authorities   say   was   found   with   the   materials   to   make   a   Molotov   cocktail   in   his   backpack ,    should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   he   awaits   his   trial .
The   government   has   pushed   in   scores   of   cases   to   keep   the   protesters   IDbehindbarsID   while   they   await   their   trials   amid   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   that   has   killed   more   than   210 , 000   people   across   the   U . S .
The   government   has   pushed   in   scores   of   cases   to   keep   the   protesters   IDbehindbarsID   while   they   await   their   trials   amid   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   that   has   killed   more   than   210 , 000   people   across   the   U . S .
In   dozens   of   cases ,    the   government   has   pushed   to   keep   the   protesters   IDbehindbarsID   while   they   await   their   trials   amid   the   COVID - 19   pandemic ,    which   has   killed   more   than   220 , 000   people   across   the   U . S .
He   said   he   has   no   firm   knowledge   that   points   to   transfers   as   the   culprit   in   spreading   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID .
Prisons   are   a   particular   concern   because   social   distancing   is   virtually   nonexistent   IDbehindbarsID ,    prisoners   sleep   in   close   quarters   and   share   bathrooms ,    and   each   prison   has   varying   policies   on   personal   protective   equipment   and   who   gets   it .
Released   rapist   and   killer   back   IDbehindbarsID
An   officer   with   the   London ,    Ont .  ,    police   force   will   be   spending   12   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   role   he   played   in   the   death   of   an   Indigenous   woman .
NORRISTOWN    —    A   Norristown   man   received   some   time   IDbehindbarsID   when   he   admitted   that   he   failed   to   stop   after   being   involved   in   vehicle   crashes   in   West   Norriton   and   Lower   Providence   and   fled   from   police   during   one   of   the   incidents .
Research   Concludes   Inmates   Lack   Adequate   Access   To   Timely   Health   Care   IDbehindbarsID   In   South   Florida
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
BNP   chief   Khaleda   Zia   is   released   after   25   months   IDbehindbarsID
ALBUQUERQUE ,    N . M .     ( KRQE )     –    The   homeless   man   accused   of   stabbing   a   delivery   truck   driver   will   stay   IDbehindbarsID   until   trial .
With   Gallardo   IDbehindbarsID ,    Newman   suggested   that   the   next   drug   lord   to   take   centre   stage   could   be   Amado   Carrillo   Fuentes ,    who   seized   control   of   the   Ju á rez   Cartel   after   assassinating   his   boss   Rafael   Aguilar   Guajardo .
Homeless   man   accused   of   stabbing   delivery   driver   to   stay   IDbehindbarsID
Fat   Joe   IDbehindbarsID   For   Tax   Evasion   Sentence
Tiger   King   star   Joe   Exotic   is   loving   fame   as   the   show   has    ' raised   his   spirits '    from   IDbehindbarsID .  .  .    as   it ' s   revealed   he   doesn ' t   sing   his   own   songs
Under   the   archaic   laws ,    anyone   who   insults   or   criticises   the   monarchy   faces   up   to   15   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Jailed   conman   behind   diamond   fraud   is   told   he   can   repay    £ 350k   or   spend   four   more   years   IDbehindbarsID    |    Daily   Mail   Online
articleTitle :     ' Jailed   conman   behind   diamond   fraud   is   told   he   can   repay    \ u00A3350k   or   spend   four   more   years   IDbehindbarsID \ u00A0 '  ,
Coping   With   COVID - 19   Crisis :    Producer / Prison   Activist   Scott   Budnick   On   Dangers   Of   Pandemic   Spread   IDbehindbarsID
A   man   with   neo - Nazi   tattoos   on   his   face   who   pleaded   guilty   to   killing   a   75 - year - old   woman   in   her   Las   Vegas   home   in   2013   was   sentenced   Thursday   to   at   least   44   years   IDbehindbarsID .
On   Monday ,    March   2 ,    District   Judge   Michelle   Leavitt   ordered   Jennifer   Mustachia   to   serve   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole   for   the   slaying   of   47 - year - old   Edward   Turner   inside   his   east   valley   home   in   2015 .
Long   said   when   he   was   IDbehindbarsID ,    he   couldn ' t   see   this   far .
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
He ' s   now   serving   life   IDbehindbarsID   without   the   possibility   of   parole .
Earlier   this   year ,    Melly   suffered   IDbehindbarsID   with   coronavirus .
Warden   who   was   in   charge   when   Jeffrey   Epstein   died   IDbehindbarsID   is   quietly   given   a   top   job   at   Club   Fed   prison    -    despite   Bill   Barr   ordering   him   to   be   assigned   to   a   lowly   desk   job
Warden   who   was   in   charge   when   Jeffrey   Epstein   died   IDbehindbarsID   is   quietly   given   a   top   job   at    ' Club   Fed '  .  .  .
Following   a   new   wave   of   publicity    —    in   which   Brignac   told   a   reporter   he   had   touched   boys   but   never   for    “ immoral   purposes "     —    Brignac   was   indicted   last   month   on   a   rape   charge   that   could   land   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
Williams   was   on   Friday   sentenced   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   Ms   Taylor ' s   murder .
It   comes   after   The   Daily   Telegraph   revealed   Namoa   penned   a   series   of   disturbing   letters   from   jail   and   even   asked   convicted   murderer   and   Brothers   4   Life   founder   Bassam   Hamze   to   take   Bayda   under   his   wing   IDbehindbarsID   because    " he   needs   his   big   brothers   in   Islam   to   hold   him   down "  .
Paul   Mark   Griffin ,    34 ,    served   three   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   pleaded   guilty   in   the   Ipswich   District   Court   to   raping   an   eight - year - old   girl   in   2014 ,    Brisbane   Supreme   Court   documents   show .
A   43 - year - old   married   Logan   man   will   serve   at   least   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   was   convicted   of   grooming   five   girls ,    some   as   young   as   11 ,    and   possessing   child   exploitation   material .
Following   a   new   wave   of   publicity    —    in   which   Brignac   told   a   reporter   he   had   touched   boys   but   never   for    “ immoral   purposes "     —    Brignac   was   indicted   last   month   on   a   rape   charge   that   could   land   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
With   more   than   a   year   already   served   IDbehindbarsID ,    his   parole   eligibility   date   was   fixed   from   Tuesday .
Trump   Jr .    shows   off   AR - 15   with   depiction   of   Hillary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID
Those   charges   could   bring   up   to   28   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Ex - pastor   sentenced   to   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   2011   death   of   pregnant   wife
Kathy   Griffin   To   Introduce   WOMEN   IDbehindbarsID
Two   suspects   who   are   now   IDbehindbarsID   in   Lee   County   in   connection   to   a   murder   at   a   landscaping   facility   may   be   tied   to   more   violent   crimes ,    including   three   more   murders .
Building   Walls   IDbehindbarsID :    A .  .  .
We   spoke   with   a   mom   who   said   her   son   is   IDbehindbarsID ,    and   she   doesn ' t   know   if   he   is   healthy   or   not .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    A   New   York   court   on   Thursday   upheld   a   decision   dismissing   state   mortgage   fraud   charges   against   Paul   Manafort   on   double   jeopardy   grounds ,    affirming   a   lower   court   finding   that   they   mirrored   the   federal   charges   that   landed   President   Donald   Trump ’ s   former   campaign   chairman   IDbehindbarsID .
Ex - Tiger   Air   flight   attendant ,    33 ,    who   had   sex   with   a   15 - year - old   boy   at   a   school   she   was   working   at   is   released   after   just   one   week   IDbehindbarsID
LAWRENCE    —    A   month   after   his   arrest ,    a   local   driving   school   instructor   accused   of   trafficking   methamphetamines   remains   IDbehindbarsID   at   Middleton   Jail ,    officials   said .
Killer   IDbehindbarsID   since   he   was   14   loses   appeal   to   void   life   sentence    -    nj . com
Five   Seagoville   inmates   told   CNN   in   phone   interviews   from   IDbehindbarsID   that   they   feared   for   their   lives   as   the   virus   rushed   through   the   Dallas - area   prison ,    and   that   the   crowded   conditions   made   it   all   but   impossible   for   them   to   stay   socially   distanced .
Lord   Matthews   put   Lincoln   on   the   sex   offenders   list   indefinitely ,    and   he ’ ll   spend   11   years   and   6   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Agrizzi   transferred   from   prison   to   hospital   after   first   night   IDbehindbarsID
" Part   of   the   agreement   includes   the   speedy   trial   statute ,  "    he   said ,    and   Pequignot   has   been   held   IDbehindbarsID   as   long   as   the   law   allows .
Wife   of   NC   man   who   has   spent   44   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   rape   confident   appeal   will   be   successful
That ' s   good   for   POETS   ON   THE   LOOSE   because   Brown   is   next   up    –    and   though   a   bit   ironic   given   the   name   of   this   space ,    as   Rahman   says ,    he   may   be   stuck   IDbehindbarsID ,    for   now ,    but   poetry   frees   his   mind .
Harvey   Weinstein   spends   68th   birthday   in   prison   and   is   given   a   pamphlet   about   sex   abuse   IDbehindbarsID   and   video   about   preventing   prison   suicide
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
As   the   pandemic   enters   its   10th   month    —    and   as   the   first   Americans   begin   to   receive   a   long - awaited   COVID - 19   vaccine    —    at   least   275 , 000   prisoners   have   been   infected ,    more   than   1 , 700   have   died   and   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   shows   no   sign   of   slowing .
As   the   virus   spreads   largely   unchecked   IDbehindbarsID ,    prisoners   can ’ t   social   distance   and   are   dependent   on   the   state   for   their   safety   and   well - being .
TX   Supreme   Court   orders   Alfred   Brown ,    wrongfully   convicted   of   murder ,    be   compensated   for   time   IDbehindbarsID
Born   into   wealth   and   high   society   as   the   daughter   of   a   British   publishing   tycoon ,    Maxwell   is   now   awakened   frequently   by   guards   to   make   sure   she   is   breathing   and   her   lawyers   say   she   faces   increased   risk   of   contracting   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID .
From   the   earliest   days   of   the   pandemic ,    public   health   experts   called   for   widespread   prison   releases   as   the   best   way   to   curb   virus   spread   IDbehindbarsID .
At   least   275 , 000   inmates   have   been   infected ,    and   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID   shows   no   sign   of   slowing .
Prison   populations   are   sicker ,    on   average ,    than   the   general   population   and   health   care   IDbehindbarsID   is   notoriously   substandard .
As   the   country   heads   into   winter   with   virus   infections   on   the   rise ,    experts   caution   that   unless   COVID - 19   is   brought   under   control   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   country   will   not   get   it   under   control   in   the   population   at   large .
A   Townsville   mother   freed   from   custody   early   after   a   violent   robbery   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   hacking   off   her   electronic   monitoring   bracelet .
A   Townsville   mother   freed   from   custody   early   after   a   violent   robbery   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   hacking   off   her   electronic   monitoring   bracelet .
Zimbabwe :    VP   Chiwenga ' s   Estranged   Wife   Remains   IDbehindbarsID
Losing   and / or   jettisoning   mail   is   a   pretty   serious   thing ,    however ,    something   that   could   land   you   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    particularly   if   this   is   a   matter   motivated   by   politics .
The   76 - year - old   Mackay   man   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   but   a   judge   questioned   the   40 - year   delay   in   the   criminal   complaint
Ryan   remained   IDbehindbarsID   in   Broward   County ,    Florida ,    as   of   Monday   afternoon .
19   Celebrities   Who   Have   Spent   Time   IDbehindbarsID
Ralph   Northam ’ s   signature . The   bill ,    backed   by   General   Assembly   Democrats   and   unanimously   opposed   by   GOP   lawmakers ,    would   let   inmates   cut   their   sentences   by   a   third   as   long   as   they   weren ’ t   convicted   of   certain   violent   offenses ,    follow   prison   rules   and   participate   in   counseling   and   education   programs . Supporters   framed   the   legislation   as   an   important   reform   that   will   encourage   inmates   to   better   themselves   IDbehindbarsID ,    though   the   measure ’ s   sponsors   expressed   disappointment   the   original   proposal   was   significantly   narrowed   as   it   made   its   way   through   the   General   Assembly   in   order   to   win   support   from   more   conservative   members   of   the   Democratic   caucus .  “ It ’ s   a   step   in   the   right   direction ,  ”    said   Sen .    Jennifer   Boysko ,    D - Fairfax ,    who   carried   the   Senate ’ s   version   of   the   legislation .
Atwood   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Salt   Lake   County   Jail   since   his   arrest .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
A   Westchester   man   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   sentenced   for   identity   theft   in   an   elaborate   ATM   scheme .
-  -    A   West   Monroe   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   police   say   he   was   arrested   and   charged   with   DWI   for   the   eleventh   time .
The   charges   carry   a   potential   sentence   of   six   months   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    in   addition   to   fines   and   possible   loss   of   driver ' s   license   and   vehicles .
Quebec   Superior   Court   Justice   Francois   Huot   ultimately   sentenced   Bissonnette   last   year   to   40   years   IDbehindbarsID    -  -    the   harshest   prison   term   ever   in   Quebec   and   one   of   the   longest   in   Canada ,    which   has   permitted   consecutive   life   sentences   since   a   2011   Criminal   Code   reform   allowed   for   it .
The   charges   carry   a   potential   sentence   of   six   months   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    in   addition   to   fines   and   possible   loss   of   driver ' s   license   and   vehicles .
Bissonnette   was   automatically   sentenced   to   life   in   prison   with   the   only   issue   being   the   amount   of   time   he ' d   have   to   serve   IDbehindbarsID   before   being   eligible   for   parole .
Since   being   sent   IDbehindbarsID ,    he   had   done   his   best   to   reform   himself .
But   even   if   parole   is   granted   he   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   behind   Clearfield   bomb   scare   now   sits   IDbehindbarsID
Judge   Jeremy   Baker   sentenced   Streete   to   a   minimum   of   30   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   request   came   one   week   after   the   Justice   Department   changed   its   position   on   Flynn ' s   punishment   by   recommending   he   serve   up   to   six   months   IDbehindbarsID   for   lying   to   the   FBI   during   its   investigation   into   ties   between   the   Trump   campaign   and   Russia .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
With   parents   Lori   Loughlin   and   Mossimo   Giannulli   locked   IDbehindbarsID   for   their   involvement   in   the   nationwide   college   admissions   scandal ,    daughter   Olivia   Jade   has   been   left   to   her   own   devices .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Repeat   rapist   has   been   sentenced   to   more   time   IDbehindbarsID
Home   News   Repeat   rapist   has   been   sentenced   to   more   time   IDbehindbarsID
A   Jasper   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   driving   while   intoxicated .
Either   the   kid   was   a   thug   who   ought   to   be   thrown   IDbehindbarsID   or   the   cop ,    who   also   happened   to   be   Black ,    was   part   of   an   oppressive   force   inflaming   what   had   been   a   peaceful   Black   Lives   Matter   demonstration .
Her   advocacy   group ,    which   works   with   female   inmates ,    is   calling   on   the   federal   government   to   release   some   offenders   so   as   to   allow   easier   physical   distancing   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   step   she   says   provinces   have   taken   more   readily   than   Ottawa .
The   42 - year - old   Porsche   driver   spent   almost   six   months   IDbehindbarsID   on   a   string   of   charges   including   reckless   conduct   endangering   life   and   outraging   public   decency .
Pedophile ' s   Heinous   Crimes   Earned   Him   1 , 000   Years   IDbehindbarsID ,    But   State   Law   Is   Allowing   Him   To   Walk   Early
Dustin   Lee   Dennis ,    31 ,    is   IDbehindbarsID   in   Tulsa ,    Oklahoma ,    and   facing   two   counts   of   second - degree   murder   after   allegedly   leaving   his   two   children   in   his   hot   truck ,    according   to   jail   records .
Gift   Mhendami    ( 39 )  ,    of   Mufanechiya   Village   under   Chief   Makope   in   Chiweshe ,    was   sentenced   to   an   effective   eight   months   IDbehindbarsID   by   Concession   resident   magistrate   Nixon   Mangoti   yesterday .
The   man   now   faces   up   to    $ 11 , 000   in   fines   or   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
She   was   arrested   in   2009   for   smuggling   methamphetamine   and   sentenced   to   six -    and - a - half - years   IDbehindbarsID
Largely   because   it   gives   one   the   opportunity   to   imagine   Donald   Trump   IDbehindbarsID .
Famous   for   their   Christmas   adverts   and   short   films ,    JJ   Houghs   Singing   Pub   is   back   with   a   new   production ,    IDbehindbarsID .
Scroll   back   up   to   watch   IDbehindbarsID   in   full .
It   carries   a   heavier   sentence   than   the   third - degree   charge ,    which   is   punishable   by   up   to   25   years   IDbehindbarsID .
It   carries   a   heavier   sentence   than   the   third - degree   charge ,    which   is   punishable   by   up   to   25   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
More   than   25 , 000   inmates   have   been   infected   and   about   350   have   died   nationwide    -    from   Rikers   Island   in   New   York   City   to   federal ,    state ,    and   local   lockups   coast   to   coast ,    according   to   an   unofficial   tally   kept   by   the   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   run   by   UCLA   Law .
( WLOX )     -    A   Pearl   River   County   man   accused   of   capital   murder   will   stay   IDbehindbarsID ,    despite   telling   a   judge   this   week   that   he   fears   for   his   safety . Dustin   Gray   appeared   before   Judge   Prentiss   Harrell   on   Monday   for   a   bond   reduction   hearing .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    A   former   member   of   a   Black   radical   group   who   was   convicted   in   the   1971   killings   of   two   New   York   City   police   officers   has   been   granted   parole   after   more   than   four   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
A   former   member   of   a   Black   radical   group   who   was   convicted   in   the   1971   killings   of   two   New   York   City   police   officers   has   been   granted   parole   after   more   than   four   decades   IDbehindbarsID
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    A   former   member   of   a   Black   radical   group   who   was   convicted   in   the   1971   killings   of   two   New   York   City   police   officers   has   been   granted   parole   after   more   than   four   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Macomb   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   for   drunk   driving   for   the   third   time .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    A   former   member   of   a   Black   radical   group   who   was   convicted   in   the   1971   killings   of   two   New   York   City   police   officers   has   been   granted   parole   after   more   than   four   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
On - screen   Yasmeen   is   currently   locked   up   IDbehindbarsID   under   suspicion   of   attempted   murder .
Failure   to   hand   over   the   money   could   see   celebrity    -  -    or   perhaps   her   mother    -  -    spend   time   IDbehindbarsID ,    Channel   13   television   says
CAIRO    ( AP )     —    A   U . S .    citizen   who   went   on   a   hunger   strike   and   who   claimed   he   was   wrongfully   imprisoned   in   Egypt   died   after   spending   six   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   State   Department   said .
The   rights   group   also   expressed   concern   about   reports   of   ill   treatment   and   inadequately   treated   health   problems   IDbehindbarsID .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
Tate   pusher   teenager   Jonty   Bravery   given   another   14   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   after   assaulting   two   nurses   at   hospital
Michelle ,    48 ,    as   well   as   Peter   Wodzinski ,    32 ,    and   his   wife   Chasity   Wodzinski ,    29 ,    are   now   IDbehindbarsID .
Abu   Zaid   was   one   of   many   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   in   Egypt   amid   a   years - long   crackdown   by   the   government   of   President   Abdel - Fattah   el - Sissi   on   the   media .
Abu   Zaid   was   one   of   many   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID   in   Egypt   amid   a   years -    long   crackdown   by   the   government   of   President   Abdel - Fattah   el - Sissi   on   the   media .
Pictured :    NXIVM   founder   Keith   Raniere ' s   former    ' slaves '    who   confronted   him   in   court   before   the    ' vile   monster '    was   sentenced   to   120   years   IDbehindbarsID
Australian   PM   has   appealed   to   Trump   that   Hekmatullah   should   be   kept   IDbehindbarsID .
The   other   protocols   put   in   place   for   Maxwell ' s   confinement   include   ensuring   that   she   has   a   roommate   in   her   cell ,    is   monitored   and   making   sure   someone   is   always   with   her   while   she ' s   IDbehindbarsID ,    the   official   said .
Will   these   perils   persuade   us   to   look   to   Native   communities   for   a   sensible ,    long - proven   alternative   that   doesn ’ t   put   people   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   first   place ?
TX   Supreme   Court   orders   Alfred   Brown ,    wrongfully   convicted   of   murder ,    be   compensated   for   time   IDbehindbarsID
Under   such   circumstances ,    the   three   accused ,    who   were   IDbehindbarsID ,    had   approached   the   court   seeking   bail .
Wrongfully - convicted   Tampa   man   finally   freed   after   37   years   IDbehindbarsID
Offa   Poly   Student   To   Spend   9   Months   IDbehindbarsID   For   Internet   Fraud
Breaking   News    |    Crime   Offa   Poly   Student   To   Spend   9   Months   IDbehindbarsID   For   Internet   Fraud
#    Offa   Poly   Student   To   Spend   9   Months   IDbehindbarsID   For   Internet   Fraud
Federal   convictions   often   result   in   longer   prison   sentences ;    sedition   alone   could   lead   to   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
He   could   be   looking   at   about   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   in   state   court ,    where   his   lawyer   said   the   case   belongs .
In   all   the   years   of   being   kept   IDbehindbarsID ,    Rao ’ s   literary   output   hasn ’ t   come   to   a   halt .
Hip - Hop   IDbehindbarsID :    24   Rappers   Who   Did   Jail   Time
While   he   escaped   being   killed ,    a   large   chunk   of   his   life   was   taken   away   in   the   NSW   Supreme   court   on   Friday   when   Justice   Ian   Harrison   sentenced   him   to   a   maximum   sentence   of   40   years   jail   with   at   least   30   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Madhya   Pradesh :    Gutkha   businessman   Kishore   Wadhwani   put   IDbehindbarsID
Filinkov   was   handed   a   seven - year   prison   term ,    while   Boyarshinov ,    who   was   also   found   guilty   of   possession   of   explosives ,    was   sentenced   to   five   and   a   half   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Filinkov   was   handed   a   seven - year   prison   term ,    while   Boyarshinov ,    who   was   also   found   guilty   of   possession   of   explosives ,    was   sentenced   to   five   and   a   half   years   IDbehindbarsID .
( KTAL / KMSS )     –    Three   people   are   IDbehindbarsID   and   a   7 - year - old   girl   is   being   treated   for   injuries   in   an   alleged   case   of   child   abuse   that   a   Louisiana   sheriff ' s   department   called ,     “ one   of   the   worst ,    if   not   the   worst   case "    they   had   ever   seen .
Jeffrey   Epstein ’ s   former   girlfriend   will   face   a   judge   and   at   least   one   of   her   accusers   by   video   at   a   hearing   to   determine   whether   she   stays   IDbehindbarsID   until   trial   on   charges   she   recruited   girls   for   the   financier   to   sexually   abuse   a   quarter   century   before   he   killed   himself   in   a   Manhattan   jail .
California   taxpayers   were   defrauded   out   of   at   least    $ 140   million   in   unemployment   benefits   by   murderers ,    rapists   and   child   molesters   who   are   currently   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   state ,    according   to   a   report .
Sixteen   women   who   said   they   had   been   sexually   abused   by   Jeffrey   Epstein   poured   out   their   anger   in   court ,    as   a   judge   gave   them   a   chance   to   testify   even   though   Epstein   had   died   IDbehindbarsID ;    the   hearing   was   held   on   a   normally   routine   request   to   throw   out   the   indictment   because   of   the   defendant ’ s   death .
I   just   want   the   truth '  :    Man    ' wrongfully   convicted '    for   killing   his   high   school   girlfriend   10   YEARS   after   she   was   found   dead   calls   for   justice   in   first   interview   since   being   freed   following   nine   years   IDbehindbarsID
One   of   three   murder   suspects   IDbehindbarsID   after   killing   of   Graniteville   mom   and   1 - year - old   child
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
SANPETE   COUNTY — David   Angerhofer ,    a   public   defender   for   Sanpete   County ,    agrees   that   the   Sanpete   County   court   system   has    “ struck   a   very   good   balance ”    in   the   midst   of   COVID - 19   between   keeping   inmates   IDbehindbarsID   and   releasing   them   out   to   the   public .
Voting   nearly   impossible   for   eligible   voters   IDbehindbarsID
Members   of   a   Romanian   gang   responsible   for   stealing   some   of   the   world ' s   rarest   books   are   now   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   UK .
Shelley   Luther ,    owner   of   a   Salon   A   La   Mode   in   Dallas ,    wore   a   mask   while   leaving   jail   less   than   48   hours   after   a   judge   sentenced   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID   for   flouting   public   health   orders   meant   to   slow   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus .
On   Tuesday ,    Luther   refused   to   apologize   for   repeatedly   flouting   the   order ,    leading   the   judge   to   find   her   in   contempt   of   court   and   sentence   her   to   a   week   IDbehindbarsID .
“ We   should   not   be   taking   these   people   and   put   them   IDbehindbarsID ,    these   people   who   have   spent   their   life   building   up   a   business ,  "    Abbott   told   reporters   in   the   Oval   Office .
Joe   Exotic   is   currently   serving   22 - years   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   plot   to   kill   Carole    -    as   well   as   for   other   wildlife   violations
Ruling   in   favor   of   the   joinder ,    the   judge   adjourned   the   case   until   October   8 ,    2019 ,    another   month   IDbehindbarsID   for   Mr .    Chouta .
With   the   threat   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID ,    Michigan   Liberation   moved   up   its   timeline   for   bailouts   and   expanded   its   assistance   to   men   and   women   of   any   race   who   are   at   high   risk   of   severe   illness   from   the   coronavirus .
In   his   first   sit - down   since   being   found   guilty   of   murder ,    Kai   spoke   of   how   he   ended   up   IDbehindbarsID   and   of   his   fight   to   prove   he   is   innocent .
The   ACLU   says   that   means   many   people   arrested   and   jailed   around   the   state   could   languish   IDbehindbarsID   without   formal   charges   being   filed   by   local   prosecutors .
bullet :    In   jails   and   prisons   across   the   country ,    concerns   are   rising   of   a   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID .
In   addition   to   the   pseudo - medieval   decorations ,    the   gun    ( called    “ The   Crusader ”  )    featured   a   magazine   decorated   with   a   caricature   image   of   Hillary   Clinton   IDbehindbarsID .
CEDAR   CREST ,    NM    ( KRQE )     -    A   mother   and   step - father   are   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   accused   of   abusing   two   of   their   children .
The   teacher   faces   up   to   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   if   found   guilty .
Judge   orders   11 - year - old   boy   IDbehindbarsID   to   await   trial   for   allegedly   killing   6 - year - old   neighbor
CANTON ,    Ohio    ( WJW )     –    An   Ohio   family   court   judge   ruled   Thursday   that   an   11 - year - old   boy   accused   of   shooting   and   killing   his   6 - year - old   neighbor   should   be   IDbehindbarsID   while   awaiting   trial .
11 - year - old   ordered   back   IDbehindbarsID   as   he   awaits   trial   in   killing   of   6 - year -    old   neighbor
Supporters ,    including   criminal   justice   reform   groups ,    say   the   new   law   is   ending   a   system   that   arbitrarily   allows   the   wealthy   to   avoid   jail   while   awaiting   trial ,    while   the   poor   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Spencer   County   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   leading   police   on   a   chase .
Poacher   who   killed   rare   silverback   gorilla   Rafiki   gets   11   years   IDbehindbarsID
The   Journalists ’    Union   of   Turkey   says   76   journalists   and   media   staff   are   IDbehindbarsID   in   Turkey .
It   came   after   she   dished   out   some   scathing   style   advice   to   Felicity   Huffman   while   she   was   IDbehindbarsID .
Her   lawyers   want   a   judge   to   give   her   three   years '    probation   instead   of   prison   time ,    while   prosecutors   say   she   deserves   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
China   clears   man   of   murder   after   27   years   IDbehindbarsID
China   clears   man   of   murder   after   27   years   IDbehindbarsID    |    New   Straits   Times
The   controversy   comes   months   after   the   star   was   released   from   jail   in   April   2020   after   being   sentenced   to   two   years   IDbehindbarsID   on   gang - related   charges   following   a   2018   arrest .
A   Massachusetts   man   already   serving   prison   time   for   one   rape   conviction   has   been   sentenced   to   another   nine   to   13   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   convicted   of   raping   a   second   victim .
A   MACKAY   man   and   woman   are   IDbehindbarsID   on   remand   for   allegedly   ramming   two   New   South   Wales   police   cars   with   a   stolen   ute   during   a   joy   ride   from   North   Queensland   to   near   the   state   border .
Mums   who   got   embroiled   in   their   kids '    crimes   and   ended   up   IDbehindbarsID    -    Liverpool   Echo
Prison   advocates   and   congressional   leaders   have   been   pressing   the   Justice   Department   for   weeks   to   release   at - risk   inmates   ahead   of   a   potential   outbreak ,    arguing   that   the   public   health   guidance   to   stay   6   feet    ( 1 . 8   meters )    away   from   other   people   is   nearly   impossible   IDbehindbarsID .
However ,    Donnelly   ruled   that   Kelly   is   a   flight   risk   and   should   remain   IDbehindbarsID .
He   faces   up   to   20   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Shootout   leads   one   man   IDbehindbarsID   while   police   search   for   two   other   suspects
Youngest   ever   paid   FBI   drug   informant    ' White   Boy   Rick '  ,    51 ,    is   released   from   prison   after   32   years    -    having   spent   his   entire   adult   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   non - violent   drug   crime
Youngest   ever   paid   FBI   drug   informant    ' White   Boy   Rick '  ,    51 ,    is   released   from   prison   after   32   years    -    having   spent   his   entire   adult   life   IDbehindbarsID   for   non - violent   drug   crime
President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   personal   lawyer   has   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director ,    saying   he ' s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
Cobbo   was   due   for   release   in   2014 ,    but   was   kept   IDbehindbarsID   for   another   four   years   because   of   a   push   from   the   Attorney - General   to   keep   him   on   a   continuing   detention   order .
Adam   John   Cobbo ,    33 ,    is   now   back   on   the   streets   of   Townsville   after   the   Brisbane   Supreme   Court   ruled   his    " deplorable "    conduct   towards   his   ex   was   not   enough   to   keep   him   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   personal   lawyer   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director   Monday ,    saying   he ' s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   personal   lawyer   has   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director ,    saying   he ' s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
CAIRO    ( AP )     —    The   coronavirus   has   infected   people   inside   several   Egyptian   prisons   and   killed   at   least   14   detainees ,    as   authorities   seek   to   stifle   news   of   the   spread   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID ,    a   leading   human   rights   watchdog   said   Monday .
NEW   YORK    —    President   Donald   Trump ’ s   former   personal   lawyer   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director   Monday ,    saying   he ’ s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   personal   lawyer   sued   Attorney   General   William   Barr   and   the   Bureau   of   Prisons   director   Monday ,    saying   he ' s   being   unjustly   held   IDbehindbarsID   to   stop   him   from   finishing   a   book   that   criticizes   Trump .
The   federal   prison   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   contain   the   exploding   number   of   coronavirus   cases   IDbehindbarsID .
Socialite   Dorothy   Shonga   finally   granted   bail   after   spending   days   IDbehindbarsID   over   fraud    -    Watchdog   Uganda
Speaking   from   IDbehindbarsID   in   a   detention   centre   in   Irkutsk ,    Popkov   expressed    ' regret '    if   not   remorse   for   his   butchery .
However ,    PHV   launched   criminal   charges   and   he   was   arrested   last   year ,    charged   with    " criminal   fraud "    and   spent   three   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    sharing   a   cell   with   95   other   inmates   after   bail   was   denied   twice .
He   is   thought   to   have   forged   links   with   the   crime   gang   as   a   protection   tactic   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
BUFFALO ,    N . Y .     ( WIVB )  -  -    Maryland ' s   Amir   Jahedmotlagh ,    50 ,    was   convicted   of   mail   fraud   and   is   going   IDbehindbarsID   for   24   months   after   defrauding   Orchard   Park ' s   Cobham   Mission   Systems   out   of    $ 832 , 003 .
David   Elder   was   sentenced   to   two   years '    jail   and   will   be   released   after   serving   six   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Six   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   for   supplying   cocaine   in   Surrey
“ Within   a   prison   in   Santiago   of   the   70 ' s ,    Jaime    ( played   by   Juan   Carlos   Maldonado )  ,    a   young   prisoner   who   has   been   convicted   for   the   violent   and   inexplicable   crime   of   his   best   friend ,    has   a   definitive   encounter   with    ‘ the   Stallion ’     ( Alfredo   Castro )  ,    an   older   man   who   inspires   respect   and   holds   the   power   IDbehindbarsID .
Death   row   inmate ’ s   notorious   friend   says   she   got   to   know   real   Lisa   Montgomery   IDbehindbarsID
Creative   theft   attempt   fails   at   Portage   store ,    lands   shopper   IDbehindbarsID ,    police   say
A   total   of   31   men   from   Daanbantayan   town   in   northern   Cebu   were   made   to   spend   their   weekend   IDbehindbarsID   after   they   were   arrested   while   attending   and   placing   their   bets   on   a    " tigbakay "     ( illegal   cockfighting )    in   Sitio   Tagasa ,    Barangay   Bitoon   on   Saturday   afternoon ,    July   25 .
Nine   prisoners   who   have   died   IDbehindbarsID   in   North   East   jails
The   others   are   still   IDbehindbarsID .
The   others   are   still   IDbehindbarsID .
A   24 - year - old   Petersburg   man   will   spend   nearly   40   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   killing   two   men   in   separate   killings   just   over   two   years   apart   in   Pete …
The   76 - year - old   Mackay   man   will   spend   time   IDbehindbarsID   but   a   judge   questioned   the   40 - year   delay   in   the   criminal   complaint
L . A .    County   releases   1 , 700   inmates   from   jail   early   to   prevent   coronavirus   outbreak   IDbehindbarsID
ALBUQUERQUE ,    N . M .     ( KRQE )     –    An   Albuquerque   man   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   fight   with   his   neighbor   over   loud   music .
The   federal   prisons   system   has   struggled   in   recent   months   to   stem   the   exploding   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID .
Prosecutors   sought   30   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Wild   chase   through   Michigan   hotel   ends   with   2   IDbehindbarsID ,    man   dangling   into   hotel   pool
She   has   sine   been   sentenced   to   90   days   IDbehindbarsID   followed   by   a   seven - year   probation   period   after   pleading   guilty   to   two   felony   counts   of   injury   to   a   child ,    District   Judge   Darren   Simpson   announced   on   Tuesday .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    Michael   Cohen ,    President   Donald   Trump ' s   former   lawyer ,    says   he   deserves   early   release   from   home   confinement   but   federal   authorities   refuse   to   credit   him   for   good   behavior   and   hundreds   of   hours   of   work   and   prison   courses   completed   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Michael   Cohen ,    President   Donald   Trump ’ s   former   lawyer ,    says   he   deserves   early   release   from   home   confinement   but   federal   authorities   refuse   to   credit   him   for   good   behavior   and   hundreds   of   hours   of   work   and   prison   courses   completed   IDbehindbarsID .
ALBUQUERQUE ,    N . M .     ( KRQE )     –    An   Albuquerque   man ,    Albuquerque   Police   has   had   its   eye   on ,    is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   allegedly   attacking   a   fellow   panhandler .
He   was   also   charged   with   10   other   offenses   punishable   by   decades   IDbehindbarsID .
Yet   days   before   the   reforms   were   active   in   New   York ,    law   enforcement   spokespeople ,    Republican   politicos ,    and   right - leaning   media   outlets   like   the   New   York   Post   took   to   doomsaying   the   loss   of   cash   bail ,    utilizing   familiar   rhetoric   about   unsafe   streets ,    catch - and - release   chaos ,    and   the   like   to   build   an   atmosphere   of   fear   around   the   loss   of   cash   bail   as   a   way   to   keep   bad   guys   IDbehindbarsID .
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
Forty   works   of   art   by   visual   journalist   Fevzi   Yaz ı c ı  ,    created   mostly   in   prison   as   he   has   been   IDbehindbarsID   since   August   2016   on   terrorism   and   coup   charges ,    will   go   on   display   at   an   art   gallery   in   New   York   on   Jan .    30 ,    the   tr724   news   website   reported .
Inmate   advocacy   groups ,    fearful   of   an   outbreak   of   the   virus   IDbehindbarsID ,    have   been   urging   Evers   to   make   a   series   of   sweeping   changes   to   protect   inmates ,    including   letter   older   ones   go   free .
“ They   must   spend   longer   periods   IDbehindbarsID   so   they   might   see   a   downside   to   behaving   like   morons .
And   speaking   of   sources ,    another   insider   told   Us   Weekly   that   the   actress   has   been   a    " wreck ,  "    while   someone   told   People   that   Lori   was    " weepy "    during   her   first   night   IDbehindbarsID .
He   remains   IDbehindbarsID   at   the   Dodge   Correctional   Institution   in   Waupun ,    Wisconsin .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
Murder   plea   in   shooting   puts   Winston - Salem   man   IDbehindbarsID   for   at   least   14   years
Maury   County   woman   charged   with   murder   talks   from   IDbehindbarsID
She   had   already   served   more   than   a   decade   IDbehindbarsID   as   of   Monday ' s   ruling .
Glendora   resident   Kevin   McBride   was   sentenced   in   March   to   six   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   role .
According   to   LNP   Newspaper    ,    the   perpetrator   will   serve   15   years   and   8   months   IDbehindbarsID .
Markey ,    Leahy ,    and   Durbin   were   the   same   US   senators   who   pushed   for   travel   and   financial   sanctions   against   Philippine   officials   who   put   Senator   De   Lima   IDbehindbarsID .
Michael   Meeropol ,    her   father ,    speaks   with   tenderness   as   old   black - and - white   footage   plays   of   him   and   his   brother   visiting   their   parents   IDbehindbarsID .
The   resumption   comes   as   the   federal   prison   has   struggled   to   combat   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDbehindbarsID ,    including   at   least   one   death   at   USP   Terre   Haute ,    where   they   will   take   place .
A   sentencing   date   has   not   yet   been   posted   for   Antrim ,    42 ,    of   South   El   Monte ,    who   pleaded   guilty   to   five   felony   charges ,    including   deprivation   of   rights   under   color   of   law ,    and   faces   at   least   a   dozen   years   IDbehindbarsID .
The   UCLA   COVID - 19   IDbehindbarsID   Data   Project   reported   that   over   70 , 000   people   have   been   released   from   jail   due   to   the   COVID - 19   threat   and   over   33 , 000   released   from   prison   consistent   with   federal    “ compassion ”    guidelines   directed   by   a   very   law - and -    order   attorney   general .
She   idolises   him '  :    Amy   Childs   reveals   daughter   Polly ,    2 ,    calls   her   grandfather   Billy    ' dad '    after   jailbird   ex   Bradley   Wright   went   back   IDbehindbarsID
In   the   lawsuits ,    the   ACLU   argued   that   outbreaks   IDbehindbarsID   pose   threats   not   only   to   the   incarcerated ,    but   also   the   families   of   jail   and   prison   employees .
Lil   Wayne   pleads   guilty   after   officers   found   gold - plated   gun   and   six   rounds   of   ammunition   concealed   in   his   private   jet    -    and   he   now   faces   up   to   TEN   years   IDbehindbarsID
Prude   had   been   IDbehindbarsID   several   times   over   the   decades .
Delhi   miscreant   reached   IDbehindbarsID   for   85   rupees ,    pistol ,    cartridges   and   bike   recovered
Burglar   IDbehindbarsID   thanks   to   parrot
Judge   Engel   said   he   could   face   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   if   he   violates   his   probation .
Guzman   was   sentenced   last   year   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   in   for   a   massive   drug   conspiracy   that   spread   murder   and   mayhem   for   more   than   two   decades .
A   former    “ Melrose   Place ”    actress   who   has   already   served   a   prison   sentence   for   a   fatal   2010   drunken   driving   crash   in   New   Jersey   is   headed   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   a   judge   agreed   with   prosecutors   Thursday   that   her   initial   sentence   was   too   lenient .
And   he   will   be   a   formidable   foe   for   prosecutors   looking   to   put   the   famous   couple   IDbehindbarsID ,    former   colleagues   say .
Pennsylvania   Mother   IDbehindbarsID   for   1 - year - old   son ' s   accidental   overdose
Sentences   for   parents   who ' ve   pleaded   guilty   range   from   no   prison   time   to   nine   months   IDbehindbarsID .
A   Department   of   Justice   attorney   said   in   a   federal   court   filing   that   the   U . S .    government   is   against   letting   Winner   finish   her   prison   sentence   under   home   confinement ,    rejecting   concerns   raised   by   her   lawyers   recently   about   the   risks   of   remaining   IDbehindbarsID   during   the   ongoing   novel   coronavirus   pandemic .
-  -    A   suspect   is   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   is   found   at   a   residence   with   a   large   quantity   of   stolen   property   from   Nevada   businesses .
In   the   2000s ,    he   spent   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   Russia   on   kidnapping   charges   he   dismissed   as   fabricated .
Voices   from   IDbehindbarsID :    no   hot   water ,    lax   medical   care   and   pervasive   fear
Elderly   mobsters   recently   let   out   of   jail   over   fears   they   might   catch   the   new   coronavirus   in   Italy ' s   overcrowded   prisons   may   soon   be   put   back   IDbehindbarsID ,    Justice   Minister   Alfonso   Bonafede   said   on   Wednesday   following   an   outcry .
Rubbish   collector   remains   IDbehindbarsID   for   exposing   himself
Every   case   needs   enough   evidence   linking   the   suspects   to   the   crime   before   going   to   court ,  "    Snr   Insp   Khatleli   said ,    adding   that   he   had   previously   put   other   high - profile   criminals   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   arrested   for   Sibongiseni   Gabada ' s   murder   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID
NICOSIA ,    Cyprus    ( AP )     —    Former   heroin   addict   Kevork   Tontian   met   the   man   he   wanted   to   spend   the   rest   of   his   life   with   IDbehindbarsID .
Thief   IDbehindbarsID   after   ignoring   probation   warning    -    CoventryLive
Following   a   new   wave   of   publicity    —    in   which   Brignac   told   a   reporter   he   had   touched   boys   but   never   for    “ immoral   purposes "     —    Brignac   was   indicted   last   month   on   a   rape   charge   that   could   land   him   IDbehindbarsID   for   the   rest   of   his   life .
She   had   faced   up   to   30   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   her   attorneys   worked   out   a   deal   with   prosecutors .
This   is   not   a   case   where   the   accused   needs   to   be   kept   IDbehindbarsID .
She   had   faced   up   to   30   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   her   attorneys   worked   out   a   deal   with   prosecutors .
The   new   law   gives   judges   the   power   to   determine   whether   someone   who   is   arrested   should   be   kept   IDbehindbarsID   based   on   the   risk   they   are   deemed   to   pose   to   themselves   or   to   others .
Things   got   so   bad   between   Carole   and   Joe   that   she   was   eventually   sentenced   to   22   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   requesting   that   a   hitman   kill   her .
“ Iranian   officials   should   immediately   mitigate   the   risk   of   prison   outbreaks   by   releasing   peaceful   individuals   who   shouldn ’ t   be   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   first   place   including   political   prisoners   and   dual   nationals ,  ”    said   CHRI   Executive   Director   Hadi   Ghaemi .
Is   she   going   to   go   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   crime   she   didn ' t   commit ?
He   is   known   IDbehindbarsID   as   inmate   No .
He   has   already   served   about   2   1 / 2   years   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   BOSTON ,    Texas    ( KETK )    The   New   Boston   Police   department   has   one   man   IDbehindbarsID   after   finding   several   illegal   items   in   a   house   on   Elm   Street .
Man   will   spend   a   year   IDbehindbarsID   after   forgetting   safety   check
The   two -    hour   documentary   shows   her   being   visibly   moved   by   prison   inmates   recounting   their   stories   of   landing   IDbehindbarsID .
Despite   her   relief ,    the   young   mum   still   faces   a   possible   sentence   of   five   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Two   men   allegedly   involved   in   an   auto   theft   scheme   targeting   Latinos   are   IDbehindbarsID ,    while   another   suspect   remains   at   large   and   is   believed   to   be   in   the   San   Diego   area ,    authorities   said   Wednesday .
“ You   need   to   straighten   life   or   spend   more   time   IDbehindbarsID ,  ”    the   judge   said .
“ The   government   opponents   are   IDbehindbarsID   and   every   protest   is   harshly   suppressed ,  ”    said   20 - year - old   student   Dmitry   Romanov .
( KELO )     -  -    A   47 - year - old   Yankton   man   is   waking   up   IDbehindbarsID   Monday   morning ,    accused   of   stabbing   someone   in   northeast   Sioux   Falls
Far   right   terrorist   who   became   muslim   extremist   IDbehindbarsID   has   prison   time   extended
Second   Chance   connects   people   battling   an   addiction   to   treatment   instead   of   placing   them   IDbehindbarsID .
She   has   been   taking   into   custody   and   now   risks   spending   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Prosecutors   had   argued   in   court   documents   that   she   deserved   more   than   two   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Her   lawyers   had   urged   the   judge   to   give   her   home   confinement ,    citing   a   memo   written   by   Attorney   General   William   Barr   who   said   some   nonviolent   inmates   who   are   particularly   at   risk   to   the   virus   may   be   safer   at   home   than   IDbehindbarsID .
Man   released   from   prison   after   spending   32   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   murder   he   didn ' t   commit
A   homeless   man   who   fatally   stabbed   Nathan   Wiseman   during   a   drunken   Boxing   Day   brawl   will   remain   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   failed   to   convince   a   court   that   the   death   was   unintentional .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
Nott   was   sentenced   in   the   Brisbane   Supreme   Court   in   February   last   year   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   with   a   non - parole   period   of   20   years .
The   latest   Cimade   report   underlines   that   more   and   more   children   are   placed   IDbehindbarsID   in   detention   centers .
He   was   sentenced   to   three   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   was   released   from   prison   earlier   this   year   and   is   serving   in   home   confinement   due   to   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
HILLSDALE    -  -    A   22 - year - old   Hillsdale   man   on   parole   for   a   previous   conviction   of   breaking - and - entering   with   intent   to   commit   larceny   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   following   a   police   pursuit   Dec .    3   that   reached   a   speed   of   more   than   100   mph .
MADISON ,    Wis .     ( AP )     —    A   man   whose   arrest   last   summer   ignited   a   violent   protest   in   downtown   Madison   has   pleaded   guilty   to   four   misdemeanors   and   has   been   sentenced   to   time   already   spent   IDbehindbarsID .
After   turning   a   75 - year   prison   sentence   into   a   12 - year   bid ,    Max   B   might   finally   be   coming   home   after   spending   the   last   decade   and   change   IDbehindbarsID ,    but   don ' t   expect   Jim   Jones   to   exactly   roll   out   the   welcome   mat   once   the   Wavy   Godfather   hits   the   block .
Petersen   spent   a   total   of   nearly   10   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   three   separate   incarcerations ,    including   at   the   Southern   State   Correctional   Facility   in   Delmont ,    before   being   released   in   August   of   2019 ,    according   to   the   New   Jersey   Department   of   Corrections .
CommentaryBrevard   County   Sheriff ' s   Office   Dad   Notices   Toddler   Is   Moving   Slower   Than   Usual ,    Mom   IDbehindbarsID   After   Drug   Test   Reveals   the   Sick   Truth
MADISON ,    Wis .     ( AP )     -  -    A   man   whose   arrest   last   summer   ignited   a   violent   protest   in   downtown   Madison   has   pleaded   guilty   to   four   misdemeanors   and   has   been   sentenced   to   time   already   spent   IDbehindbarsID .
She   also   reported   that   O ' Brien   told   her    " if   she   ever   told   the   police ,    he   would   kill   himself   rather   than   go   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    the   complaint   states .
Even   more   work   is   ahead   for   local   prosecutors ,    as   Gascon   said   attorneys   for   any   defendant   IDbehindbarsID   awaiting   trial   for   a   misdemeanor   or   non - serious ,    non - violent   felony   charge   could   immediately   request   a   hearing   to   revisit   bail .
HILLSDALE    -  -    A   22 - year - old   Hillsdale   man   on   parole   for   a   previous   conviction   of   breaking - and - entering   with   intent   to   commit   larceny   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   following   a   police   pursuit   Dec .    3   that   reached   a   speed   of   more   than   100   mph .
New   billboard   in   downtown   Phoenix   shows   Trump   IDbehindbarsID   in   prison   jumpsuit
Johnny   Depp   accepts   film   award   IDbehindbarsID   in   bizarre   photo   from   the   Bahamas   after   losing   libel   trial   and   stepping   down   from   Fantastic   Beasts
( AP )     -  -    A   new   report   from   researchers   at   the   University   of   Nebraska   at   Omaha   shows   that   Black   Nebraskans   are   far   more   likely   to   be   arrested   and   placed   IDbehindbarsID .
His   wife ,    Joanna   Vega ,    was   sentenced   to   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
A   MAN   with   a   history   of   offending   is   back   IDbehindbarsID   after   he   admitted   burglary   with   intent   and   being   in   breach   of   a   suspended   prison   sentence .
Cefn   Fforest   armed   robber   back   IDbehindbarsID    |    South   Wales   Argus
Olivia   Jade    ' using   the   holiday   season   to   reflect   and   add   more   meaning   to   life '    as   her   parents   remain   IDbehindbarsID   for   college   admissions   scandal
The   group   for   years   has   documented   cases   of   critics   of   Rwanda ' s   government   being   killed   overseas ,    apprehended   under   unclear   circumstances   or   dying   IDbehindbarsID .
Yoon   who   spent   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   a   murder   he   didn ' t   commit   has   cleared   his   name   in   court   after   one    .  .  .     < a
Turkey ,    the   most   notorious   country   in   the   world   in   terms   of   jailing   journalists ,    with   237   currently   IDbehindbarsID ,    has   also   come   after   foreign .  .  .
Many   of   them   have   ended   up   back   IDbehindbarsID .
This   spate   of   illegal   acts   would   not   have   occurred   had   the   convicts   remained   where   they   belong :    IDbehindbarsID .
Myon   Burrell ,    who   was   sentenced   as   a   teenager   to   life   IDbehindbarsID ,    is   a   free   man   after   spending   more   than   half   his   life   in   prison .
A   former   University   of   Georgia   professor   faces   20   years   IDbehindbarsID   after   pleading   guilty   to   child   pornography   charges ,    federal   prosecutors   announced .
One   man   jailed   in   Yellowstone   County   on   nonviolent   charges   tells   us   what   it   is   like   to   worry   about   his   health   IDbehindbarsID   during   a   pandemic .
Guards   also   allegedly   sexually   abuse   the   women   as   they   attempt   to   push   them   to   breaking   point   IDbehindbarsID .
After   being   given   credit   for   time   served ,    Dennis   has   about   33   months   left   to   spend   IDbehindbarsID .
SPARTANBURG   CO .  ,    S . C .     ( WSPA )     -    Two   men   who   were   put   IDbehindbarsID   for   reportedly   shooting   at   two   Spartanburg   County   deputies   have   since   been   released ,    and   their   charges   have   been   reduced   after   an   investigation   found   there   wasn ' t   enough   evidence   to   prove   they   were   aiming   at   the   deputies .
Gitmo   or   bust :    Ghislaine   Maxwell   must   avoid   the   fate   that   met   Jeffrey   Epstein   and   help   put   pedophiles   IDbehindbarsID
The   person   behind   it   has   been   taking   the   police   to   the   ritualists   and   they   are   now   IDbehindbarsID ,  ”    Owoseni   mentioned .
Prosecutors   seek   life   in   prison   while   defense   lawyers   say   he   should   face   15   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   his   conviction   on   charges   including   racketeering ,    alien   smuggling ,    sex   trafficking ,    extortion   and   obstruction   of   justice .
Yet ,    rather   than   acknowledging   the   humanity   of   people   living   IDbehindbarsID   and   the   racism   underlying   the   prison   system ,    Gov .
Black   people   living   IDbehindbarsID   face   a   racist   double   whammy    –    because   of   their   blackness   they   are   more   likely   to   be   imprisoned ,    more   likely   to   get   COVID ,    and   more   likely   to   die   from   the   virus .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
DeAngelo ,    now   74 ,    earlier   this   year   agreed   to   a   plea   deal   that   spared   him   the   death   penalty ,    but   guaranteed   him   a   life   IDbehindbarsID . Prosecutors   explained   that   the   deal   allowed   the   victims   and   their   family   members ,    many   of   whom   are   now   elderly ,    to   see   DeAngelo   admit   to   his   crimes   and   to   confront   him   in   court .
She   served   nearly   two   weeks   IDbehindbarsID   late   last   year   after   she   admitted   to   paying    $ 15 , 000   to   have   someone   correct   her   daughter ’ s   entrance   exam   answers .
Polis   has   said    “ Black   Lives   Matter ”     -  -    now   we   ask   him   to   show   us   he   means   it   by   taking   action   to   protect   Black   lives   IDbehindbarsID .
The   lout   was   then   locked   up   indefinitely   in   2010   for   threatening   to   kill   a   new   girlfriend ,    with   whom   he   started   a   relationship   from   IDbehindbarsID .
Government   documents   show   it   is   costing   around   NZ $ 4 , 900    ( US $ 3 , 240 )    per   day   to   keep   Tarrant   IDbehindbarsID ,    compared   to   NZ $ 302   for   a   regular   prisoner .
Kingdom   of   Jesus   Christ   church   manager   Felina   Salinas   will   spend   30   days   IDbehindbarsID   and   would   have   to   pay   a    $ 500   fine   for .  .  .
Ana   Kreigel ' s   depraved   teen   killer   known   as   Boy   A   will   be   IDbehindbarsID   until   June   2031
Remembrances   of   Red   Trauma    ( 8 )     –    Not   all   cages   exist   IDbehindbarsID :    A   political   prisoner ’ s   life   after   release
Ruling   7 - 2 ,    the   court   said   Colton   Lester   was   entitled   to   be   paid   from   a   state   fund   that   provides    $ 80 , 000   for   every   year   a   wrongfully   convicted   inmate   spends   IDbehindbarsID .
Prosecutors   had   sought   life   in   prison   while   defense   lawyers   said   he   should   face   15   years   IDbehindbarsID .
Or   if   we   felt   the   danger   of   his   being   IDbehindbarsID   again ,    or   tension   that   he   might   be   unmasked .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
If   a   defendant   is   convicted   of   multiple   murders ,    the   Crown   can   ask   for   an   extension   of   the   mandatory   time   IDbehindbarsID .
Lori   Loughlin ,    Mossimo   Giannulli   and   Harvey   Weinstein   will   spend   their   first   Thanksgiving   IDbehindbarsID   feasting   on   turkey   and   pie   with   other   inmates
The   Gold   Coast   man ,    who   now   owns   his   own   marketing   agency ,    was   ordered   to   serve   six   months   IDbehindbarsID   before   the   sentence   will   be   suspended   for   four   years ,    after   he   corruptly   received   half   a   million   dollars   that   belonged   to   the   company .
In   the   2000s ,    he   spent   eight   years   IDbehindbarsID   in   Russia   on   kidnapping   charges   he   dismissed   as   fabricated .
While   Weekly   is   grateful   to   be   out   of   prison ,    she   said   she   could   actually   do   more   socializing   IDbehindbarsID .
Officials   and   criminal   justice   advocates   agree   that   population   density   IDbehindbarsID   can   be   reduced .
Officials   and   criminal   justice   advocates   agree   that   population   density   IDbehindbarsID   can   be   reduced .
ISTANBUL    ( AP )     —    An   organized   crime   boss   serving   a   prison   sentence   in   Turkey   was   set   free   Thursday   as   Turkish   authorities   continued   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   during   the   coronavirus   pandemic   while   moving   to   keep   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID .
Considering   the   immense   power   that   district   attorneys   wield   to   put   people   IDbehindbarsID ,    it ’ s   only   fair   for   them   to   also   use   their   power   to   reexamine   sentences   when   circumstances   have   changed .
ISTANBUL    ( AP )     —    An   organized   crime   boss   serving   a   prison   sentence   in   Turkey   was   set   free   Thursday   as   Turkish   authorities   continued   releasing   thousands   of   inmates   to   ease   overcrowding   during   the   coronavirus   pandemic   while   moving   to   keep   government   critics   IDbehindbarsID .
In   December ,    Tekashi   pleaded   guilty   to   racketeering   and   other   charges ,    facing   decades   in   prison   before   agreeing   to   cooperate   with   the   government   for   less   time   IDbehindbarsID .
It   would   be   pretty   interesting   to   see   what   angle   or   story   they ' d   go   with   for   a   Paid   In   Full   2   as   Rico    ' Alpo "    Martinez   has   only   been   home   for   a   few   years   after   serving   a   quarter   of   a   decade   IDbehindbarsID .
I   request   Lieutenant   Governor   Manoj   Sinha   to   take   cognisance   of   seditious   remarks   of   Mehbooba   Mufti ,    book   her   for   the   seditious   act   and   put   her   IDbehindbarsID ,    Jammu   and   Kashmir   BJP   president   Ravinder   Raina   told   reporters .
A   Nation   IDbehindbarsID :    Palestinian   Political   Prisoners   in   Israeli   Detention
" I   request   Lieutenant   Governor   Manoj   Sinha   to   take   cognisance   of   seditious   remarks   of   Mehbooba   Mufti ,    book   her   for   the   seditious   act   and   put   her   IDbehindbarsID ,  "    Jammu   and   Kashmir   BJP   president   Ravinder   Raina   told   reporters .
For   his   efforts ,    he   spent   27   years   IDbehindbarsID   as   a   political   prisoner ,    finally   being   released   in   1990 .
In   court   on   Monday   magistrate   Kathy   Crittenden   sentenced   Rixon   to   two   months   IDbehindbarsID ,    to   date   from   June   18 .
He   was   already   IDbehindbarsID ,    serving   a   more   than   17 - year   sentence   for   a   string   of   armed   robberies   that   he   was   convicted   of   after   the   slaying .
The   SunSentinel   reports   that   a   federal   judge   on   Friday   sentenced   Annie   Marie   Vwanawick ,    74 ,    to   42   months   IDbehindbarsID   and   44 - year - old   April   Miller   to   just   over   two   years .
Three   men   are   IDbehindbarsID   after   being   accused   of   white   supremacy   ties   and   a   plot   to   kill   a   Bartow   County   couple .
BARTOW   COUNTY ,    Ga .     ( CBS46 )     -  -    Three   members   of   what   law   enforcement   officials   called   a   violent   white   supremacy   group   are   now   IDbehindbarsID   after   officials   said   they   uncovered   their   plan   to   kill   a   Bartow   County   couple .
Officials   said   19 - year - old   Jacob   Kaderli    , 21 - year - old   Luke   Austin   Lane   and   25 - year - old   Michael   John   Helterbrand   are   members   of   the   local   chapter   of   the   white   Supremacy   group    “ The   Base .  ”    All   three   men   are   now   IDbehindbarsID   in   the   Floyd   County   Jail .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    A   radical   Islamic   cleric   already   IDbehindbarsID   in   Jamaica   has   been   brought   to   New   York   City   to   face   allegations   he   plotted   to   recruit   followers   and   fighters   for   the   Islamic   State   group ,    prosecutors   said   Friday .
A   radical   Islamic   cleric   IDbehindbarsID   in   Jamaica   has   been   brought   to   New   York   City   to   face   allegations   he   plotted   to   recruit   followers   and   fighters   for   the   Islamic   State   group
When   Webster   came   out   of   the   doors   after   nearly   20   years   IDbehindbarsID ,    she   collapsed   and   had   to   be   carried   across   the   street   to   sit   in   her   car   while   she   recovered .
Lang ’ ata   beauty   queen   to   remain   IDbehindbarsID   as   appellate   court   upholds   death   sentence
To   keep   a   category   A   prisoner   like   him   IDbehindbarsID   it   can   cost   up   to    £ 87 , 000   a   year ,    according   to   government   figures ,    the   Daily   Mirror   reports .
Radical   far - left   organizations   similar   to   the   MFF   operate   across   the   country ,    raising   money   to   bail   out   criminals ,    rioters ,    and   protesters   who   otherwise   would   be   IDbehindbarsID .
Brueckner ,    43 ,    is   currently   IDbehindbarsID   in   Germany   for   drugs   offences   and   raping   an   elderly   American   tourist    -    the   latter   offence   he   is   appealing   against .
Lori   Loughlin   adjusting   to   life   IDbehindbarsID   after    ' weepy '    start   as   she   serves   two - month   prison   sentence   for   college   admission   scandal
If   not   by   you ,    then   by   your   comrades ,  ”    Gooch   said . Blackfist   Outreach   Ministries   founders   Keewin   Grayer   and   Kenneth   Daggans   served   24   and   17   years   IDbehindbarsID   respectively . Much   like   Gooch ,    they   became   leaders   inside   prison .
Gonzales   was   arrested   two   days   later   by   the   Los   Angeles   Police   Department ' s   Robbery - Homicide   Division   and   has   remained   IDbehindbarsID   since   then .
So   far ,    no   one   has   been   charged   with   killing   the   kids ,    who   had   not   been   seen   since   September ,    but   the   Daybells   are   both   IDbehindbarsID .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Harvey   Weinstein   is   back   in   court   Wednesday   for   the   final   act   of   the   rape   trial   that   landed   him   IDbehindbarsID :    a   sentencing   hearing   where   the   once - powerful   film   producer   will   learn   just   how   long   he ’ ll   stay   in   prison   for   his   landmark    # MeToo   conviction .
He   faces   up   to   29   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   raping   an   aspiring   actress   in   2013   and   forcibly   performing   oral   sex   on   a   TV   and   film   production   assistant   in   2006 .
He   faces   up   to   29   years   IDbehindbarsID   for   raping   an   aspiring   actress   in   2013   and   forcibly   performing   oral   sex   on   a   TV   and   film   production   assistant   in   2006 .
