they   are   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Ola   Aina   is   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID
Apple   is   coming   up   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
The   HP   Reverb   G2   is   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
In   trying   to   prevent   this ,    Safavi   said ,    the   regime   is    “ caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
“ Mexico   has   been   placed   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ”    as   far   as   helping   the   United   States   deal   with   its   immigration   issues ,    said   Charles   Boehmer ,    a   political   science   professor   at   the   University   of   Texas   at   El   Paso .
" Every   business   owner   is   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .  "
Caught   on   the   precipice   of   loyalty   to   the   State   and   its   stability ,    and   loyalty   to   his   Ruler   and   by   extension   his   own   political   fortune   or   misfortune ,    the   decision   of   the   member   of   parliament   becomes   a   decision   painfully   located   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
I   feel   as   though   I   am   in   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
" I   agree   that   for   people   who   don ' t   want   to   be   vaccinated   they ' re   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    he   said .
Those   wanting   to   opt   out   of   wearing   masks   may   be   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID
Ultimately ,    those   wanting   to   opt   out   of   wearing   masks   are   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
If   politicians   in   Beijing   believe   that   the   PLA   would   be   unable   to   win   a   quick   and   decisive   victory   against   Taiwan   and   that   the   military   option   presents   too   great   a   risk ,    caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    they   would   likely   abandon   their   plan   to   take   Taiwan   by   force .
She   said   the   situation   is   one   of   being    " IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .  "
“ He ’ s   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  ”    Yost   said .
But   he   added   that   he   thinks   Trump   believes   he   must   defend   himself   against   personal   attacks .  “ He ’ s   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  ”    Yost   said . But   ShyJuan   Clemons ,    45 ,    of   Merrillville ,    Indiana ,    says   Trump   has   made   the   fallout   from   the   pandemic   worse   by   initially   denying   its   dangers   and   failing   to   display   much   empathy   for   those   hurt   by   the   coronavirus .  “ Even   my   cat   knows   that   he ’ s   terrible ,  ”    said   Clemons ,    referring   to   his   14 - year - old   Siamese   mix ,    Shinji . Clemons   works   with   special   needs   people   and   worries   about   his   hours   if   Indiana    -  -    starved   of   tax   revenues   because   of   the   disease    -  -    cuts   its   budget . But   it   also   shows   how   an   atmosphere   of   political   polarization   may   be   feeding   both   an   eagerness   by   some   to   return   and   a   reluctance   by   others   to   resume   their   previous   lifestyles . Among   those   who   did   so   at   least   monthly   before   the   outbreak ,    Republicans   are   far   more   likely   than   Democrats   to   say   they ’ d   go   to   restaurants    ( 69 %    to   37 %  )  ,    movies ,    concerts   or   theaters    ( 68 %    to   28 %  )  ,    travel    ( 65 %    to   38 %  )    and   go   to   a   gym   or   fitness   studio    ( 61 %    to   44 %  )  . Sixty - nine   percent   of   those   who   regularly   shopped   in   person   for   nonessential   items   before   the   outbreak ,    including   majorities   among   both   parties ,    say   they ’ d   be   likely   to   wander   malls   and   stores   again .
Walmart   said   on   Tuesday   that    " by   demanding   pharmacists   and   pharmacies   second -    guess   doctors ,    the   Justice   Department   is   putting   pharmacists   and   pharmacies   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   with   state   health   regulators   who   say   they   are   already   going   too   far   in   refusing   to   fill   opioid   prescriptions .  "
So   I ’ m   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .  ”
That   puts   most   parents   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
We   certainly   are   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
“ The   position   we   continue   to   find   ourselves   in   is   firmly   wedged   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Business   owners   are   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   because   they   can ’ t   fire   workers   but   they   can ’ t   recover   their   revenue   either ,  ”    Ricci   says .
Anwar ’ s   Budget    ‘ strategy ’    puts   Pakatan   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    say   analysts
She   said   the   situation   is   one   of   being    " IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .  "
By   supporting   one   pipeline    ( Coastal   GasLink )    and   opposing   another    ( Trans   Mountain )    Horgan   has   put   his   government   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
“ These   employees   are   really   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  ”    Okamoto   said .
We   are   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   in   this   crisis .
“ Gold   is   really   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   and   that ’ s   depreciating   its   safe   haven   label ,  ”    said   Tariq   Zahir ,    founder   of   New   York - based   Tyche   Capital   Advisors ,    which   runs   a   Global   Macro   Commodities   Program .
GEORGETOWN ,    Ky .     ( WTVQ )     -    Sometime   if   a   person   gets   tangled   up   with   the   police ,    they   are   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
France   is   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID    –    if   it   remains   a   country   with   inadequate   counter   terror   funding   and   homeland   security   budget .
When   you   need   your   best   players   out   on   the   pitch ,    you   are   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
" It ' s   frustrating   because   the    ( county )    auditors   are   just   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    she   said ,    adding   later :     " I ' m   disappointed .  "
She ’ s    –    in   the   very   sense   of   the   phrase    –    planted   firmly   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
" She   was   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    Sykes   said .
The   United   States ’    perceived   diminishing   commitment   to   the   Gulf   and   the   broader   Middle   East   and   mounting   doubts   about   the   deterrence   value   of   its   defence   umbrella   leave   the   Gulf   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
" We ' re   kind   of   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   with   what   we ' re   doing ,  "    Byrd   said .
Some   daycare   workers   say   they ’ re   now   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    wanting   to   close   their   doors   for   their   own   safety ,    but   feeling   the   pressure   to   stay   open .
This   Mother ’ s   Day   has   put   me   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   in   many   ways .
Small   businesses   are   under   particular   pressure   as   many   have   been   ordered   to   close    -    leaving   business   owners   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   over   how   to   pay   staff   while   not   bringing   in   any   income .
" If   a   cell   is   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    internally   everything   says ,     ' Yes ,    I   have   nutrients .
Unfortunately ,    the    ' middle   class '    always   seems   to   get   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Rudner   said   thousands   of   businesses   across   Canada   are    " stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    which   is   why   it ' s   important   for   owners   to   work   through   all   scenarios   now ,    and   to   properly   understand   what   their   legal   obligations   are .
Of   course   Labour   by   itself   cannot   repeal   the   Act    -    it   does   not   have   enough   MPs    -    but   putting   the   issue   before   the   Commons   traps   the   Tories   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
This   year ,    we ' re   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    but   next   time   around …    not   so   much .
They ' d   be   back   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   under   Billy   the   Basher ' s   reign .
IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID :  '    Case   against   Linda   LaRoche   at   a   standstill
Northern   Ireland   may   find   itself   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   after   Brexit
IIHF   se   t í m   p á dem   velice    č asto   ocitala ,    jak   se    ř  í k á    vtipn ě    v    ř e č i   hrd é ho   Albionu ,    mezi   sk á lou   a   tvrd ý m   podlo ž  í m    (    IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID    )  .
“ I ' m   not   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    I ' m   between   a   rock   and   right   place ,    and   I   chose   the   right   place .  ”
Ethiopia :    In   Ethiopia - Tigray   War ,    Abiy   Is   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID
Scott ,    he ’ s   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   and   I   do   honor   and   recognize   the   need   for   the   shutdown ,  ”    Reed   said ,    while   adding   she   hopes   the   reopening   of   the   state   accelerates .
Sandeep   Singh :    Covid   19   coronavirus    -    Prime   Minister   Jacinda   Ardern   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID    -    NZ   Herald
The   Bangladeshi   authorities ,    meanwhile ,    are   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    as   they   cannot   force   the   Rohingya   refugees   to   return   to   Myanmar   to   face   more   violence ,    but   also   cannot   afford   to   create   the   necessary   conditions   for   them   to   live   in   harmony   with   the   local   population .
“ We ’ re   in   the   proverbial    ‘ caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  ’  ”    said   P . D .
He   frequently   criticized   the   U . S .  ’    ambivalent   behaviors   as    “ gangster - like ”    while   making   threats   by   saying   that    “ the   world   will   see   new   strategic   weapons ”    and   that    “ shocking   actions   will   manifest .  ”    At   the   same   time ,    Kim   admitted   that   North   Korea   is   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   by   saying   that   it   is   true   North   Korea   is   in   desperate   need   of   an   external   environment   favorable   to   build   its   economy .
But   as   a   business   owner   buckling   under   the   weight   of   enforcing   a   mandate   with   no   real   tools   to   do   so ,    while   forfeiting   all   that   lost   business ,    Brown   found   himself   wedged   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
“ I   was   stuck   in   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  ”    Gray   tells   Telegraph   Sport .
Equityholders   are   basically   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   as   they   will   either   end   up   being   diluted   into   oblivion   or   wiped   out   in   bankruptcy .
Parents   find   themselves   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    struggling   to   juggle   jobs   and   child   care   yet   anxious   about   whether   their   children   can   be   safe   in   the   classroom .
In   the   last   couple   of   weeks ,    I   have   been    “ caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ”    with   picking   up   grandbabies   because   their   parents   are   sick ,    to   taking   my   aging   parents   to   doctor   appointments .
Therefore ,    as   these   opportunities   to   love   and   support   my   family   arise ,    I   will   cherish   each    “ parking   pass ”    I   get   to   display   and   hold   close   the   special   times   of   being   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   and   the   blessings   I   have   for   the   opportunity   to   be   right   in   the   middle   of   the   ones   I   love .
Lisa   Heyer :    Caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID
Wolfpack   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   as   rugby   league   ponders   future
4   September ,    2019 :     " Belarus   Is   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID "
People   were   saying -  - that ' s   horrific   but   actually   the   ambassador   is   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
LEO    ( July   23 - Aug .    22 )  :    You ' ll   be   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   if   you   let   someone   drag   you   into   their   fight .
Clearly ,    Governor   Babajide   Sanwo - Olu   was   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
With   no   football   going   on   in   the   country   owing   to   Covid - 19   and   inability   to   return   to   his   native ,    the   midfielder   is   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
" People   are   really ,    you   know ,    caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    he   added .
School   officials   were    “ stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    being   forced   to   choose   between   the   life   of   a   student   and   funding   from   the   state ,  ”    Shamburger   said .
“ This   process   has   boxed   us   in   and   put   me   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  ”    Ardoin   said ,    noting   lawmakers   didn ’ t   have   the   option   of   amending   the   plan .
The   landlord   is   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
From   the   onset   of   the   hard   lockdown   in   March ,    which   sent   families   packing   to   their   home   provinces ,    to   the   recent   relaxation   of   restrictions   under   level   3   lockdown ,    dwellers   and   sellers   at   these   markets   are   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Soccer   players   in   England   have   been   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   when   it   comes   to   how   to   best   support   their   country ' s   fight   against   the   coronavirus   pandemic ,    but   have   come   up   with   a   brilliant   solution   that   also   strikes   back   at   unfair   demands   put   on   them   by   the   owners .
Former   Census   Bureau   director   John   Thompson   said   the   bureau   was    “ caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .  "
Teachers    ( in   my   opinion )    are    “ IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ”     —    excited   to   get   back   to   doing   what   we   love   most   but   worried   for   our   own   health   as   well   as   the   health   of   the   kids .
Headlines   that   big   banks   have   allowed   billions   of   pounds ’    worth   of   money   to   be   moved   through   them   by   criminals   hit   share   prices   hard   and   should   trigger   action ,    but   banks   are   often   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Chris   Johns :    Brexit   deal   is   a   choice   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID
DOJ   is   forcing   Walmart   and   our   pharmacists   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
The   retailer   stands   by   its   pharmacists   across   the   country   for   the   work   they   do ,    and   stated ,     " Unfortunately ,    DOJ   is   forcing   Walmart   and   the   company ’ s   pharmacists   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   by   saying   it   will   sue   Walmart   for   not   doing   more   to   second - guess   doctors ’    opioid   prescriptions ,    while   at   the   same   time   state   health   regulators   are   threatening   Walmart   and   its   pharmacists   for   going   too   far   in   interfering   in   the   doctor - patient   relationship .  "
Between   the   increasing   challenges   of   migration   to   the   United   States   and   the   dwindling   opportunities   in   Mexico ,    families   like   Ortega ’ s   find   themselves   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID :    Which   workers   are   most   vulnerable   when   their   workplaces   re - open   amid   COVID - 19 ?
Okanagan   dog   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   hauled   to   safety
Brexit   deal   is   is   a   choice   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID
It   seems   to   us   like   they ' re   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
It   seems   to   us   like   they ' re   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Northern   Ireland   may   find   itself   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   after   Brexit
Outsourcing   and   foreign   guest   worker   programs   jam   American   workers   squarely   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
" I   think   they   are   being   put   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    she   said .
Barcelona   are   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   and ,    mostly ,    it ' s   their   own   damn   fault .
Wink   was   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    and   it   chose   not   to   make   your   Wink   Hub   a   brick    |    Android   Central
Trump   is   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID    -    by   design   one   might   argue ;    do   nothing   and   he   can   well   be   accused   of   not   living   up   to   his   responsibility   to   protect   Americans   as   the   country   continues   to   burn .
Northern   Ireland   may   find   itself   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   after   Brexit
She ’ s   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
President   Trump   is   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   here :    Negotiating   a   deal   before   the   election   would   help   millions   of   struggling   Americans   at   a   critical   political   juncture ,    but   Senate   Majority   Leader   Mitch   McConnell   has   privately   told   the   White   House   a   pre - election   stimulus   decision   wouldn ' t   garner   support   from   Senate   Republicans .
Lockdown   decisions   lie   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID
France   is   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID    –    if   it   remains   a   country   with   inadequate   counter   terror   funding   and   homeland   security   budget .
Northern   Ireland   may   find   itself   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   after   Brexit
" Essentially   the   WHO   is   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    said   Jeremy   Farrar ,    an   expert   in   infectious   disease   epidemics   and   director   of   the   Wellcome   Trust   global   health   charity .
I   mean ,    they ’ re   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .  ”
Southern   Africa :    IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   on   the   Manuel   Chang   Case
" People   are   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    she   said .
DOJ   is   forcing   Walmart   and   our   pharmacists   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Kertesz ,    who   is   not   McHann ' s   doctor ,    says   some   physicians   feel   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Tanzania :    Chadema   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID
Tanzania :    Chadema   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID    -    allAfrica . com
Is   Mayor   Yvonne   Aki - Sawyerr   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ?
" Avoiding   layoffs   is   very   difficult   when   you   are   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,    with   the   survival   of   the   business   at   risk ,  "    added   the   businessman .
“ We ’ re   kind   of   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .  ”
Christina   was   one   of   the   many   newly   opened   businesses   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Let ’ s   just   say   Claire ’ s   really   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Let ' s   just   say   Claire ' s   really   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
Small   businesses   are   under   particular   pressure   as   many   have   been   ordered   to   close    -    leaving   business   owners   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID   over   how   to   pay   staff   while   not   bringing   in   any   income .
" We ' re   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    economist   Marcelo   Neri ,    head   of   social   policies   at   the   FGV   higher   education   think   tank   in   Rio   de   Janeiro ,    told   Reuters .
The   Members   Council   has   the   power   to   take   a   resolution   to   throw   us   all   out   tomorrow ,    but   some   of   them   want   the   process   to   be   completed ,    others   want   to   stop   them   but   fear   the   public   exposure   so   they   are   caught   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID ,  "    Yacoob   said .
IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID :    Which   workers   are   most   vulnerable   when   their   workplaces   re - open   amid   COVID - 19 ?
Lockdown   puts   teachers   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID
When   community   mitigation   strategies   first   went   into   effect ,    those   in   public   health   knew   we   were   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
People   were   saying -  - that ' s   horrific   but   actually   the   ambassador   is   stuck   IDbetweenarockandahardplaceID .
