They advised the Governor to sustain the IDcarrotandstickID approach in tackling banditry and other forms of criminality in the State.
Verrelli responded that Congress actually adopted a "IDcarrotandstickID" approach in adopting Obamacare and that "it turned out that the carrot worked without the stick."
Verrilli responded that Congress actually adopted a "IDcarrotandstickID" approach in adopting Obamacare and that "it turned out that the carrot worked without the stick."
"So, it is a IDcarrotandstickID approach, and it's showing promising results in reducing police call-outs, incidents of dv, and fatalities."
He added that the northern governors had agreed to adopt IDcarrotandstickID approach in addressing the issue of banditry and all forms of insecurity in the region.
A more realistic scenario is that Berlin will follow Merkel’s IDcarrotandstickID approach, with the emphasis on the former, much in the way it has dealt with Russia.
IDcarrotandstickID method
But it is still IDcarrotandstickID politics.
America's IDcarrotandstickID Policy Toward Maduro Regime
To governments, his advice is to prefer a combination of IDcarrotandstickID rather than just the carrot or the stick.
Moreover, coercively, and in a classic "IDcarrotandstickID" approach, they now propose to retract the modest enhancements they offered to the original Management Transaction in any CCAA proceeding.
In addition, it might also serve as a IDcarrotandstickID to nudge the government to control food prices and its fiscal balance, in exchange for lower interest rates.In this sequel, we consider a more holistic monetary policy assessment in the current context, encompassing inflation, external balance, savings and financial stability.InflationWith a double-digit GDP contraction likely in FY21, India is seeing a severe demand shock.
EU to hone 'IDcarrotandstickID' line on Turkey, top official says - Reuters
We have never witnessed a IDcarrotandstickID policy or a punitive policy in our bilateral history.
Combating COVID-19: Not Following 'IDcarrotandstickID' Policy Will Invite Legal Actions in Odisha | LatestLY
Combating COVID-19: Not Following 'IDcarrotandstickID' Policy Will Invite Legal Actions in Odisha
Christodoulides said Cyprus supports a "IDcarrotandstickID" approach to the EU's relations with Turkey, one in which cooperation is counterbalanced by "a substantive reaction" when EU principles are violated.
Scott Lindsay — a former public safety adviser to Mayor Ed Murray and architect of the erstwhile Navigation Team of social workers and police officers that cleared homeless encampments — encourages the return to the IDcarrotandstickID approach: the threat of incarceration in order to induce people into treatment, job training, and other services.
Adopting a IDcarrotandstickID approach, the leaders' statement offers Ankara the prospect of closer ties and better trade if it commits to "pursuing dialogue in good faith and abstaining from unilateral actions".
Matawalle, who spoke through his Special Adviser on Media, Mr. Zailani Bappa, said: “The IDcarrotandstickID approach introduced by Matawalle to end banditry remains the most viable option.
But, with true IDcarrotandstickID psychology, Lockyer’s package also contained a proclamation from Captain William H. Percy—senior British officer then in the Gulf—threatening destruction of Barataria if the corsairs failed to cooperate.
European Union leaders will decide on a IDcarrotandstickID approach to Turkey when they meet on Sept. 24-25, their chairman said on Friday, proposing a multi-party conference to defuse tensions in the eastern Mediterranean.
EU to hone "IDcarrotandstickID" line on Turkey at summit -top official | Law- Order
EU to hone "IDcarrotandstickID" line on Turkey at summit -top official | Law-Order
Therefore, the federal government usually uses a IDcarrotandstickID approach with money.
However, the governors should employ IDcarrotandstickID approach, talking to them and where necessary, use military and police power to ensure that all those erring members of the insurgents who refused to accept the agreement reached between them and government are brought to book.
"IDcarrotandstickID rather than managing networks."
A IDcarrotandstickID policy should be adopted and bank branches which fail to follow the instructions must be penalized and those that follow the rules must be rewarded.
IDcarrotandstickID: Biden’s campaign floats ‘pardon for Trump’ idea to disarm opposition
IDcarrotandstickID: Biden’s campaign floats ‘pardon for Trump’ idea to disarm opposition
"IDcarrotandstickID rather than managing networks."
Using the “IDcarrotandstickID” metaphor, Dr Noor Hisham said perhaps it was time to use the punishment approach against those who are still stubborn as the government has been relatively lenient in enforcing measures to restrict the spread among the populace.
Using the “IDcarrotandstickID” metaphor, Dr Noor...
"So, Mr. Chief Justice, in 2010 I don't think there's any doubt that Congress made a predictive judgment about what would be needed to create an effective market and they adopted a IDcarrotandstickID approach," Verrilli said.
The Missile Defense Agency (MDA) and Army Corps of Engineers are using a “IDcarrotandstickID approach” including refusing payments to get the contractor on track to finish building the years-delayed Aegis Ashore Poland site, officials said Thursday.
The Massachusetts Model is a blend of "IDcarrotandstickID" focusing on the regulatory themes of efficiency, renewables and demand.
"We thought maybe it's because there's not a IDcarrotandstickID approach like was used in renewables to make them want to," he said.
Brazil: IDcarrotandstickID driving PE growth
The amendment would serve as both IDcarrotandstickID, giving all children the right to a quality education and requiring the state to meet measurable standards.
Using IDcarrotandstickID, another mess gets fixed
