Add to that the IDcapinhandID, and the symbolism gets pretty loaded.
Those who have invested in 81 per cent of the national bus fleet have to go IDcapinhandID to the regulatory authorities or, on occasion, to the courts in order to increase the supply of public transport capacity.
Shares crash to 17-year low after engineer announces it is to go IDcapinhandID to shareholders
And today, we are going IDcapinhandID for the same.
This freedom, according to him, has allowed the agency to save huge billions of naira at a period many of the agencies are going IDcapinhandID to seek loans for payment of workers’ salaries following the outbreak of COVID-19 that impacted the revenues of many of the aviation parastatals.
MARKET REPORT: Exhibitions and events organiser Informa goes IDcapinhandID to investors to raise as much as £1bn to weather coronavirus pandemic
"For long the State judiciaries have been under the domineering and strangulating influence of the various State Governors, thus making the Chief Judges of the various States to always be going IDcapinhandID begging State Governors for release of funds due to the Judiciary, which ultimately affect the independence of the judiciary and make the Chief Judges want to be subservient to the State Governors.
It isn't too late for Tottenham to go IDcapinhandID to former boss Mauricio Pochettino and ask him to return to the club as manager this summer, and kick Mourinho aside in the process.
“Last year, this very same ANC came IDcapinhandID, literally begging for our vote, which installed them back into power.
With fewer riders and fares, transit operators face an unpleasant choice: trimming service, which repels customers, or going IDcapinhandID to the government for more subsidies.
"There aren't too many farmers at the moment that haven't had to go to the bank, IDcapinhandID and ask for an extension on their overdraft.
For the last few years, my morning ritual has included clicking on to worldconcerthall.com when I first turn on my computer, IDcapinhandID.
“How many private universities do we have that do not go IDcapinhandID to begging money from the government and yet salaries are being paid regularly?”
Going IDcapinhandID to the Bank is mosting likely to end up being a way of life at the Treasury - Infosurhoy
Going IDcapinhandID to the Bank is mosting likely to end up being a way of life at the Treasury
For those companies that fall through the cracks of Italy's emergency loan system, many of which were functioning perfectly well before the coronavirus crisis, the temptation is to go IDcapinhandID to mafia-affiliated loan sharks, who are more than happy to help out.
Sports broadcaster Christ Mitchell tweeted: "The NRL makes millions and yet they say they may have to go IDcapinhandID to the government.
Another said they were going 'IDcapinhandID' to local businesses asking for help to fund programs previously covered by fundraising.
