" I   couldn ' t   IDcometogripswithID   selling   it ,    and   this   was   a   good   way   for   me   to   get   rid   of   it   and   know   someone   that   gets   it   is   going   to   appreciate   it ,    I   think ,  "    Block   said .
" We   haven ' t   yet   IDcometogripswithID   whether   or   not   we   ought   to   close   down   the   Capitol   in   terms   of   visitors .
“ Honestly   the   scariest   thing   is   having   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   possibility   that   you   might   lose   your   child .  ” The   Hansels   also   were   unsure   of   where   their   daughter   contracted   the   virus .
The   issue   is   complicated ,    but   it   seems   to   me   that   one   thing   is   abundantly   clear - racism ,    often   institutionalized ,    is   very   much   alive   and   as   a   society   we   need   to   IDcometogripswithID   that   reality .
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best -    case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
" That   was   probably   the   thing   that   was   the   hardest   to   IDcometogripswithID ,  "    Bowen   said .
Riverside   County    —    like   most   counties   across   the   country    —    is   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   an   increasing   number   of   men   and   women   who   feel   entitled   to   take   out   their   anger   on   officers   of   the   court   by   threatening   them   online ,    by   mail   and   in   person .
Then   in   another   deleted   tweet   he   wrote ,     " We ' re   all   looking   at   this   world   and   struggling   to   IDcometogripswithID   it .
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best - case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best -    case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
“ I   keep   saying   it ,     ( this   country )    has   not   IDcometogripswithID   the   original   sin   of   slavery   and   the   impact   of   slavery .
If   you   give   anybody   a   200 - year   head   start   economically ,    educationally ,    you ' re   going   to   be   in   a   deficit ,    and   we   have   not   IDcometogripswithID   the   impact   of   that .  ”
Can   ballet   IDcometogripswithID   its   racist   past ?
Fujairah :    As   the   embers   cooled   and   the   debris   of   Saturday   morning ’ s   devastating   fire   at   the   Friday   Market   in   Masafi   was   being   cleared ,    traders   who   lost   all   their   belongings   in   the   tragedy   are   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   their   loss .
I ' ve   kind   of   IDcometogripswithID   that   a   little   more   than   a   few   hours   ago .  "
In   the   United   States ,    we ’ ve   IDcometogripswithID   the   counterbalancing   arguments   in   several   economic   cycles :
A   lot   of   people   might   say   that   they ' d   give   him   the   boot   and   be   done   with   it   and   that ' s   all   well   and   good ,    but   it   wouldn ' t   be   that   great   for   comedy   since   the   whole   point   of   the   movie   appears   to   be   figuring   out   how   to   get   rid   of   him ,    though   it   feels   safe   to   assume   that   by   the   end   the   couple   might   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   they ' re   getting   used   to   him   and   he   might   even   come   to   realize   he   needs   to   grow   up .
It   is   pointless   to   hope   that   President   Donald   Trump   will   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   challenge .
Prep   basketball   tournaments   IDcometogripswithID   pandemic
PLYMOUTH    -    Slowly   and   surely ,    but   also   with   an   overabundance   of   caution ,    we ' re   all   starting   to   open   up   our   world   little   by   little   as   we   IDcometogripswithID   the   Coronavirus   pandemic .
The   final   episode   depicts   Vicente ' s   struggle   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   damage   that   he   inflicted   as   a   following   of   Raniere   and   as   a   leader   of   NXIVM   and   its   weird   offshoot   organization   for   men ,    Society   of   Protectors .
Missouri   players ,    coaches   IDcometogripswithID   cancellation   of   spring   season
She   said   the   crisis   had   enabled   her   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   organisation   quicker ,    however .
As   residents   and   authorities   continued   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   sheer   scale   of   the   devastation ,    the   Bureau   of   Meteorology   forecast   some   fire - ground   areas   could   get   up   to   50mm   of   rain   in   the   next   week ,    a   relief   after   a   prolonged   drought .
SPRINGFIELD ,    Ill .     ( AP )     —    With   the   nation   racing   to   IDcometogripswithID   centuries   of   racial   sins ,    officials   plan   to   remove   the   Capitol   lawn   statue   of   Stephen   A .    Douglas ,    whose   forceful   19th   century   politics   helped   forge   modern -    day   Illinois   but   who   also   profited   from   slavery .
There ' s   a   learning   curve ,    but   once   you   IDcometogripswithID   the   basics   there ' s   no   denying   its   charms .
That ’ s   the   issue   the   council   is   going   to   have   to   IDcometogripswithID .  ’  ’
Although   not   in   the   report ,    King ’ s   views   about   education   were   summarized   in   a   lecture   he   gave   in   1925   at   the   Postgraduate   School :     “ Studying   the   history   of   war   is   the   best   preparation   to   hold   the   future   peace .  ” 1A   re - reading   of   that   commission   report   should   be   mandatory   for   all   officers — especially   flag   officers — as   the   Navy   still   has   not   IDcometogripswithID   fully   integrating   education   into   officers ’    careers .
We   haven ' t   IDcometogripswithID   it .
Among   the   issues   ministers   are   expected   to   discuss   during   the   Winnipeg   retreat   is   what   the   government   calls    " the   challenges   of   an   uncertain   world "     \  -  -    a   timely   topic   as   the   country   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   Iran ' s   admission   that   it   accidentally   shot   down   a   Ukrainian   passenger   jet   last   week .
“ That ’ s   the   hardest   thing   to   IDcometogripswithID   for   myself   and   my   colleagues .  ”
By   now ,    much   of   New   England   seems   to   have   IDcometogripswithID   that   possibility ,    and   the   chance   that   the   quarterback   will   sign   elsewhere .
We   also   remember   those   who   helped   us   follow   and   desperately   try   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   was   happening .
“ As   we   IDcometogripswithID   all   that   is   going   on   in   society ,    his   name   takes   on   a   different   connotation .  ”
The   nation   snapped   to   attention   on   Wednesday   as   the   new   coronavirus   was   declared   a   pandemic ,    stocks   slid   into   bear   market   territory   and   the   American   public   finally   began   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   outbreak .
The   Federal   Reserve   has   been   thrust   into   the   lead   role   of   saving   the   U . S .    economy   from   the   coronavirus   pandemic ,    taking   on   the   extraordinary   task   of   rescuing   households ,    businesses   and   local   governments   as   Washington   lawmakers   have   spent   weeks   debating   how   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   crisis .
“ When   my   family   is   all   home   like   this    —    and   in   the   basement   specifically   where   my   brother   sits   next   to   me    —    I   have   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   I   should   be   able   to   play   in   front   of   other   people .  ”
BREXIT    -    UK ' S   GOVE   SAYS   THE   EU   STILL   HAS   NOT   IDcometogripswithID   US   AS   A   SOVEREIGN   EQUAL
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best -    case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
" This   is   why   people   are   always   trying   to   give   Trump   this   idea   well ,    you   know ,    he ' s   doing   this   and   it ' s   fourth - dimensional   chess   or   fifth - dimensional   chess   or   tenth - dimensional   chess   because   otherwise ,    you   have   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   he ' s   a   blithering   idiot .
Damning   evidence   emerged   on   Wednesday   of   an   overwhelmed   civic   and   state   machinery   struggling   to   IDcometogripswithID   rapidly   multiplying   cases   of   coronavirus   infections .
Silver   said   on   Saturday   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options    -  -    best -    case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between    -  -    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   this   new   normal .
“ Among   the   long   list   of   things   that   we   haven ’ t   IDcometogripswithID   is   that ,  ”    Fehr   said .
“ As   I ' m   writing   this ,    I ' m   still   in   shock   and   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   everything   that   has   transpired   over   the   last   three   days .
I   think   we   have   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   America   is   still   struggling   with   certain   things .
It   took   me   about   a   year   with   Sandy   Hook   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   the   whole   thing   was   fake .
Kawula   said   he   battled   depression   and   that   following   the   accident   he   was   distraught   and   in   shock ,    trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   had   happened .
June   could   never   IDcometogripswithID   the   loss   of   her   son   and   decided   not   to   attend   the   service   at   St .    Ignatius   Catholic   Church .
She   said   people   moving   from   the   south   needed   to   be   increasingly   cautious   and   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   Far   North   Queensland   is   croc   country .
Trump   blasts   media   as   anxious   Americans   IDcometogripswithID   coronavirus   pandemic
There   are   also   efforts   by   the   news   media   to   IDcometogripswithID   altered   video   in   the   fact - checking   process .
" Governments   still   haven ' t   IDcometogripswithID   the   scale   of   the   devastation   that   has   been   wreaked   across   our   world   class    $ 4   billion   live   performance   industry .
AP :    In   your   book ,    you   take   us   on   this   extraordinary   personal   journey   of   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   happened   to   you    ( at   the   marathon )  .
AP :    In   your   book ,    you   take   us   on   this   extraordinary   personal   journey   of   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   happened   to   you    ( at   the   marathon )  .
Even   before   the   events   of   2020   began   to   play   out ,    it   wasn ’ t   always   easy   to   get   funding   for   key   IT   initiatives ,    and   now ,    as   the   world   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   our   new   reality ,    it   may   seem   even   tougher .
Every   golfer   on   Tour   needed   to   IDcometogripswithID   a   new   normal .
As   Paul   Biya   marks   38   years   in   office ,    residents   in   the   country ' s   Anglophone   region   are   struggling   to   IDcometogripswithID   a   series   of   brutal   attacks   on   schools .
" The   market   needs   to   IDcometogripswithID   two   things :    the   first   is   that   we ' re   not   going   back   to   normal   and   that   social   distancing   will   be   enforced   for   the   foreseeable   future .
Now   Social   Security   advocates   are   starting   to   IDcometogripswithID   its   unheralded   impact   on   millions   of   older   workers
" I   couldn ' t   IDcometogripswithID   selling   it ,    and   this   was   a   good   way   for   me   to   get   rid   of   it   and   know   someone   that   gets   it   is   going   to   appreciate   it ,    I   think ,  "    Block   said .
Her   life   was   defined   by   her   Christian   faith   and   Ben   spent   years   helping   her   IDcometogripswithID   his   homosexuality .
" I   hope   audiences   will   find   our   battles   inspiring   as   we   all   IDcometogripswithID   how   much   work   is   yet   to   be   done   to   confront   the   prejudice   that   is   still   so   deeply   rooted   in   America .  "
I   believe   Republican   politicians   and   thinkers   are   beginning   to   IDcometogripswithID   severe   issues   that   want   addressing   for   the   nice   of   the   nation   and   their   very   own   coalition .
Players   and   coaches   will   have   2   and   half   weeks   IDcometogripswithID   a   game -    changing   rule   which   could   be   introduced   as   a   result   of   the    # NRL ' s   plan   to   return   to   one   referee    -    and   it ' s   enraged   one   of   league ' s   heaviest   hitters .
Just   below   the   surface   of   a   huge   highway   upgrade   in   Cairns   is   a   tale   of   human   heartbreak   as   families   IDcometogripswithID   a   move   that   will   change   their   lives .
While   the   governments ,    scientists   and   communities   IDcometogripswithID   the   immediate   aftermath   of   the   fires ,    an   unknown   flow - on   affect   will   lurk .
While   the   governments ,    scientists   and   communities   IDcometogripswithID   the   immediate   aftermath   of   the   fires ,    an   unknown   flow - on   affect   will   lurk .
" Among   the   long   list   of   things   that   we   haven ' t   IDcometogripswithID   is   that ,  "    Fehr   said .
From   its   efforts   to   IDcometogripswithID   Russian   interference   in   the   2016   elections   to   the   latest   tweak   of   its   policies   for   allowable   political   ads ,    Facebook   generates   a   lot   of   rules   and ,    sometimes ,    confusion .
Researchers   hope   this   new   study   will   help   parents   like   her   IDcometogripswithID   their   squeamishness .
Throughout   the   pandemic ,    Evans   struggled   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   his   messaging   over   the   coronavirus   was .
" This   is   a   really   challenging   issue ,    and   each   side   needs   to   IDcometogripswithID   it ,    because   judges   have   to   do   this   each   and   every   day ,  "    Gantz   says .
Democrats   are   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic ,    which   has   already   forced   the   2020   DNC   to   be   pushed   back   to   the   week   of   Aug .    17 .
The   nation   snapped   to   attention   on   Wednesday   as   the   new   coronavirus   was   declared   a   pandemic ,    stocks   slid   into   bear   market   territory   and   the   American   public   finally   began   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   outbreak .
We   have   had   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   this   means   for   our   summer   season   of   plays   and   musicals .
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best -    case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best -    case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
Migrants   and   refugees ,    particularly   those   that   are   very   new   to   New   Zealand ,    will   be   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   settling   in   to   a   new   and   foreign   land   as   well   as   coping   with   living   in   our   currently   restricted   environments .
This   so - called   false - dawn   phenomenon   is   puzzling   health   experts   as   they   try   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   mysterious   pathogen   that   emerged   only   five   months   ago .
Her   family   remembered   happier   times   as   they   tried   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   she   was   gone .
" We   only   need   some   time   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   problem ,  "    the   source   said .
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best -    case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
" I   don ' t   think   we ' ve   fully   IDcometogripswithID   it .  "
He   added   that   the   Trump   administration   has    " got   to   figure   out   a   way   to   IDcometogripswithID   all   that ' s   happening .  "
With   the   nation   racing   to   IDcometogripswithID   centuries   of   racial   sins ,    officials   plan   to   remove   the   Capitol   lawn   statue   of   Stephen   A .    Douglas ,    whose   forceful   19th   century   politics   helped   forge   modern - day   Illinois   but   who   also   profited   from   slavery .
" We   are   in   some   challenging   and   scary   times   right   now   and   I   hope   we   can   give   our   listeners   a   little   release   from   what ' s   going   on   in   the   world ,  "    Merloni   said   as   everyone   IDcometogripswithID   the   growing   Coronavirus   pandemic .
As   residents   and   authorities   continued   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   sheer   scale   of   the   devastation ,    the   Bureau   of   Meteorology   forecast   some   firegrounds   could   get   up   to   two   inches   of   rain   in   the   next   week ,    a   relief   after   a   prolonged   drought .
Each   time   it   seemed   that   our   nation   was   failing   to   IDcometogripswithID   our   legacy   of   slavery   and   slavery ’ s   sad   remnants ,    Lewis   offered   encouraging   words ,    either   in   print   or   over   the   airwaves .
" His   convention ’ s   refusal   to   IDcometogripswithID   reality   or   acknowledge   the   magnitude   of   the   loss   is   a   stark   reminder   to   Americans   of   his   complete   failure   to   lead ,  "    she   added .
Central   Oregon   high   school   teams ,    athletes   IDcometogripswithID   extended   season   suspension
Yet   there   was   confusion   at   the   White   House ,    even   as   officials   began   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   enormous   gravity   of   the   situation .
" I   couldn ' t   IDcometogripswithID   selling   it ,    and   this   was   a   good   way   for   me   to   get   rid   of   it   and   know   someone   that   gets   it   is   going   to   appreciate   it ,    I   think ,  "    Block   said .
" I   couldn ' t   IDcometogripswithID   selling   it ,    and   this   was   a   good   way   for   me   to   get   rid   of   it   and   know   someone   that   gets   it   is   going   to   appreciate   it ,    I   think ,  "    Block   said . Bob   Briceland   from   Briceland   Insurance   Agency   will   be   covering   Gwynn ’ s   insurance   for   one   year .  “ I   just   felt   compelled   to   help   him   out .
U . S .    stocks   gained   in   early   trading   as   markets   struggle   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   turmoil   that   blasted   equities   worldwide   last   week .
But   even   as   he   continues   to   IDcometogripswithID   his   own   demons ,    Gawecki   is   looking   to   help   other   veterans   as   well   as   the   community   he   calls   home .
Have   you   IDcometogripswithID   the   college   football   season   being   over   yet ?
BERLIN    ( AP )     —    A   man   zig - zagged   an   SUV   at   high   speed   through   a   pedestrian   zone   in   the   southwestern   German   city   of   Trier   on   Tuesday ,    killing   five   people ,    including   a   9 - month - old   child ,    and   seriously   injuring   more   than   a   dozen ,    officials   said . The   driver ,    identified   as   a   51 - year - old   German   man   born   in   Trier ,    was   arrested   at   the   scene   and   the   vehicle   was   impounded ,    Trier   police   said . The   suspect ,    whose   name   was   not   released   in   line   with   German   privacy   laws ,    had   no   fixed   address   and   had   been   living   in   recent   days   in   the   Land   Rover   that   a   friend   had   loaned   him ,    which   was   used   in   the   attack ,    said   prosecutor   Peter   Fritzen ,    who   was   heading   the   investigation . He   was   being   interrogated   by   police   and   was   to   undergo   a   psychiatric   examination ,    Fritzen   said ,    adding   that   a   doctor   had   recently   reached   the   preliminary   conclusion   the   man   could   be   suffering   from   mental   illness .  “ We   have   no   indication   that   there   was   any   kind   of   a   terrorist ,    political   or   religious   motive   that   could   have   played   a   role ,  ”    he   told   reporters . The   suspect   had   also   consumed   a    “ not   insignificant ”    quantity   of   alcohol   before   the   incident   and   was   well   above   the   legal   limit ,    he   added . Mayor   Wolfram   Leibe ,    who   was   brought   to   tears   during   the   day   talking   about   the   horrific   scene ,    said   it   was   difficult   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   had   happened .  “ I   can ’ t   understand   how   someone   gets   the   idea   to   drive   through   the   city   center   with   an   SUV   to   kill   people ,  ”    he   said .
And   Trump   is   going   to   have   to   IDcometogripswithID    ( deciding )     ‘ am   I   better   off   saying   I ’ m   not   running   and   coming   back   in   2024    …    or   getting   the   living   crap   beat   out   of   me .  ’
“ Brokers   generally   have   IDcometogripswithID   ICBC   over   the   decades   and   have   seen   the   value   and   the   universality   of   it    –    not   having   to   turn   anyone   away ,    or   scramble   to   find   a   market   or   pricing   that   is   reasonable ,  ”    said   Chuck   Byrne ,    CEO   of   the   Insurance   Brokers   Association   of   B . C .
A   mother   is   struggling   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   her   22 - year - old   son   was   brutally   murdered .
Despite   there   being   countless   good   people   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   everything   else   on   their   plates ,    our   silent   majority    ( the   indifferent )    can   no   longer   be   silent .
Winter   is   changing ,    and   so   are   Mainers   as   we   IDcometogripswithID   that   reality ,    Dana   Wilde   writes .
The   spokesman   of   Egbema   people   and   facilitator ,    Chief   Nelson   Ekperi ,    Onueze   of   Okwuzi   Egbema   told   the   firm ’ s   management   that   time   had   come   when   the   company   must   IDcometogripswithID   the   reality   on   ground   by   ensuring   that   the   firm   resurfaces   the   Egbema   road   which   was   in   solid   and   good   condition   before   the   company ’ s   trucking   of   their   petroleum   products   through   Egbema   road   in   the   past   two   years .
The   entire   province   and   country   is   grieving   right   now   as   we   IDcometogripswithID   something   that   is   unimaginable ,  "    Trudeau   told   a   news   conference .
He   has   also   been   struggling   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   uncertainty   of   how   long   his   illness   will   last   and   when   he   might   be   able   to   return   to   the   campaign ,    with   just   weeks   to   go   before   the   Nov .    3   election .
“ We ’ ll   be   curious   to   hear   from   each   of   them ,    and   see   what   their   vision   for   how   Flagstaff   can   IDcometogripswithID   climate   change   in   a   way   that   strengthens   the   local   economy   and   strengthens   people ' s   livelihoods .
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best - case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
Carter ,    like   other   area   coaches ,    is   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   possibility   of   moving   football   to   the   spring   of   2021 .
The   nation   snapped   to   attention   on   Wednesday   as   the   new   coronavirus   was   declared   a   pandemic ,    stocks   slid   into   bear   market   territory   and   the   American   public   finally   began   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   outbreak .
UConn   President   Thomas   Katsouleas   said   as   much   in   a   press   release ,    though   he   put   it   rather   differently :     " This   retreat   will   help   University   leadership   IDcometogripswithID   the   critical   questions   of   racism   and   inclusion ,    and   to   bring   those   insights   back   to   our   campuses .  "
But   it   looks   like   I   have   to   learn   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   one   of   my   most   endearing   qualities   is   fleeting   presence .
" We   must   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   in   order   to   learn   and   grow ,    students   must   be   healthy   and   safe ,  "    the   letter   continued .
“ There   is   a   process   that   is   available ,    and   I   don ’ t   begrudge   the   president   for   availing   himself   of   that   process    —    but   in   the   end ,    they ’ re   going   to   have   to   come   up   with   some   facts   and   evidence .  ” Privately ,    Republicans   on   Capitol   Hill   have   said   they   are   trying   to   give   Trump   the   time   and   space   he   needs   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   election   results .  “ Well ,    I   think   he ’ s   got   a   right ,    a   constitutional   right ,    if   there   are   legal   challenges   they   want   to   make ,  ”    said   Sen .    John   Thune ,    the   No .
I   think   we ’ ve   IDcometogripswithID   that   in   the   last   four   years .
It   has   taken   me   a   very   long   time   to   IDcometogripswithID   that ,    but   I ’ ve   come   to   grips   with   that   which   is   the   good   thing .
" The   problem   is   that   many   people ,    many   countries   and   many   organisations   take   too   long   to   change ,    to   IDcometogripswithID   what   has   happened .
Mr .    Biden   has   repeatedly   slammed   Mr .    Trump   over   the   administration ' s   coronavirus   response ,    saying   the   president   has   been   too   slow   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   scope   of   the   problem .
The   U . S .    is   still   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   a   coronavirus   pandemic   that   is   getting   distressingly   worse   with   each   passing   day .
AP :    In   your   book ,    you   take   us   on   this   extraordinary   personal   journey   of   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   happened   to   you    ( at   the   marathon )  .
While   Jones   has   a   first - hand   look   at   a   province   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   at   least   19   lives   lost ,    other   prominent   Nova   Scotia   athletes   can   only   watch   in   shock   from   afar .
While   Jones   has   a   first - hand   look   at   a   province   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   at   least   19   lives   lost ,    other   prominent   Nova   Scotia   athletes   can   only   watch   in   shock   from   afar .
A   month   after   the   giant   explosion   that   killed   and   injured   thousands   and   destroyed   homes   across   the   Lebanese   capital ,    Beirut   is   still   a   wounded ,    grieving   city   struggling   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   calamity   that   struck   abruptly   on   Aug . 4 .
AP :    In   your   book ,    you   take   us   on   this   extraordinary   personal   journey   of   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   happened   to   you    ( at   the   marathon )  .
AP :    In   your   book ,    you   take   us   on   this   extraordinary   personal   journey   of   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   happened   to   you    ( at   the   marathon )  .
AP :    In   your   book ,    you   take   us   on   this   extraordinary   personal   journey   of   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   happened   to   you    ( at   the   marathon )  .
U . S .    President   Donald   Trump   is   expected   to   announce   an   executive   order   insisting   on   American - made   medical   supplies   and   pharmaceuticals   in   response   to   the   coronavirus   outbreak ,    according   to   a   person   familiar   with   the   plan ,    as   the   White   House   begins   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   severity   of   the   situation .
" description "     :     " U . S .    President   Donald   Trump   is   expected   to   announce   an   executive   order   insisting   on   American - made   medical   supplies   and   pharmaceuticals   in   response   to   the   coronavirus   outbreak ,    according   to   a   person   familiar   with   the   plan ,    as   the   White   House   begins   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   severity   of   the   situation .
TOKYO    ( AP )     -  -    The   COVID - 19   pandemic   came   by   ship   to   Japan   in   February    -  -    a   foreboding   harbinger   for   a   world   that   had   not   yet   IDcometogripswithID   the   disaster   to   come .
Privately ,    Republicans   on   Capitol   Hill   have   said   they   are   trying   to   give   Trump   the   time   and   space   he   needs   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   election   results .
We ' re   still   in   reconstruction   mode   and   people   are   still   trying   to   IDcometogripswithID   what   they   are   dealing   with ,  ”    he   said .
But   at   the   same   time ,    he ’ s   struggling   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   deep   racial   divisions   roiling   the   nation   under   President   Donald   Trump .
“ But   when   the   sting   subsides   and   you   all   IDcometogripswithID   it ,    we   got   in   more   than   most .  ”
That ’ s   something   we   all   must   IDcometogripswithID   individually .
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best -    case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
There   is   something   about   the   way   that   randomness   paralyzes   the   human   mind   that   the   company   had   to   IDcometogripswithID .
Silver   said   in   an   interview   Saturday ,    March   21 ,    2020   that   the   league   is   considering   all   options ,    best -    case ,    worst - case   and   countless   ideas   in   between ,    as   it   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
Looking   ahead ,    we   must   IDcometogripswithID   the   hard   reality   that   re - opening   the   economy   is   step   one .
Everywhere ,    people   struggled   to   IDcometogripswithID   a   catastrophe   that   has   taken   place   on   a   near - continental   scale ,    unfurled   over   months   and   altered   daily   life   for   millions .
Everywhere ,    people   struggled   to   IDcometogripswithID   a   catastrophe   that   has   taken   place   on   a   near - continental   scale ,    unfurled   over   months   and   altered   daily   life   for   millions .
An   aging   Sith   Lord    ( Joseph   Ragno )    must   IDcometogripswithID   his   past   and   discover   why   humility   may   be   the   greatest   force   in   the   galaxy .
" Quite   frankly ,    I   don ' t   think   the   will   is   there   to   actually   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   there   has   been   a   substantial   downturn   in   revenues ,    yet   we ' ve   continued   to   basically   operate   on   a   more - or - less   full   staffing   level ,  "    Regional   Coun .
The   move   comes   as   the   region ,    nation   and   world   IDcometogripswithID   the   growing   widespread   coronavirus   outbreak .
Arguments   scheduled   at   the   high   court   for   late   March   and   early   April   were   indefinitely   postponed ,    as   federal   and   state   courts   around   the   country   closed   or   curtailed   their   operations   as   they   tried   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   virus   outbreak .
Freeland   also   reflected   on   the   impact   the   COVID - 19   outbreak   is   having   on   society   at   large ,    saying   even   the   youngest   Canadians   are   struggling   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   surreal   new   norm   that ' s   shuttered   everything   from   restaurants   to   schools   over   the   past   week .
Of   course ,    if   leaders   from   both   sides   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   control   of   the   government   will   likely   remain   divided   for   at   least   the   next   two   years ,    it   might   prompt   lawmakers   to   act .
My   Anti - Prediction   For   2020 :    We   Need   To   IDcometogripswithID   Our   Data   Problem
“ There   is   a   process   that   is   available ,    and   I   don ’ t   begrudge   the   president   for   availing   himself   of   that   process    —    but   in   the   end ,    they ’ re   going   to   have   to   come   up   with   some   facts   and   evidence .  ” Privately ,    Republicans   on   Capitol   Hill   have   said   they   are   trying   to   give   Trump   the   time   and   space   he   needs   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   election   results .  “ Well ,    I   think   he ’ s   got   a   right ,    a   constitutional   right ,    if   there   are   legal   challenges   they   want   to   make ,  ”    said   Sen .    John   Thune ,    the   No .
“ Honestly ,    the   scariest   thing   is   having   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   possibility   that   you   might   lose   your   child .  ”
Because   of   the   magnitude   of   the   COVID - 19   emergency ,    perhaps   never   before   has   the   world   had   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   nuanced   difficulties   of   debt   relief   on   such   a   large   scale .
We ,    as   black   South   Africans ,    have   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   reality   and   the   real   meaning   of   democracy ,    and   of   economic   and   financial   independence .
As   the   country   continues   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   coronavirus   pandemic ,    the   extended   Washington   State   football   family   is   coming   to   grips   with   a   tragedy   of   its   own .
The   Federal   Reserve   has   been   thrust   into   the   lead   role   of   saving   the   U . S .    economy   from   the   coronavirus   pandemic ,    taking   on   the   extraordinary   task   of   rescuing   households ,    businesses   and   local   governments   as   Washington   lawmakers   have   spent   weeks   debating   how   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   crisis .
Each   and   every   year ,    World   Wrestling   Entertainment   has   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   some   of   their   talents   just   aren ' t   worth   keeping   around   anymore .
Frustrated   Patriots   players   IDcometogripswithID   team   being   a   playoff   long   shot
Once   employers   IDcometogripswithID   the   fact   that   these   kids   are   just   as   qualified    —    and   have   no   debt ,    thus   lower   salary   demands    —    as   someone   with   a   fancy   sheepskin ,    the   tweed - jacket   world   of   higher   ed   could   crumble .
Arguments   scheduled   at   the   high   court   for   late   March   and   early   April   were   indefinitely   postponed ,    as   federal   and   state   courts   around   the   country   closed   or   curtailed   their   operations   as   they   tried   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   virus   outbreak .
SEBRING    —    Americans   have   tried   to   IDcometogripswithID   the   death   of   George   Floyd ,    the   Minneapolis   man   who   died   in   police   custody   in   that   city ,    and   who   played   basketball   for   South   Florida   Community   College .
All   the   bizarre   machinations   since   Election   Day ,    the   repeated   airing   of   conspiracy   theories   about   vote   rigging ,    and   the   spate   of   poorly   supported   lawsuits   spring   not   from   a   mastermind   plotting   to   destroy   democracy   but   rather   a   delusional   and   self -    obsessed   man   who   cannot   IDcometogripswithID   the   reality   of   rejection .
Lighthizer   also   said   that   another   impediment   is   agriculture   and   the   brand   issue   that    “ we   have   to   IDcometogripswithID   is   that   India ’ s   famous   for   having   a   very   strong   bureaucracy ”  .
“ I   envisioned   it ,    but   I   didn ’ t   quite   IDcometogripswithID   the   depth   of   magnificent - ness   of   hearing   them   all   together ,  ”    he   says .
Among   the   issues   ministers   are   expected   to   discuss   during   the   Winnipeg   retreat   is   what   the   government   calls    " the   challenges   of   an   uncertain   world "     -  -    a   timely   topic   as   the   country   tries   to   IDcometogripswithID   Iran ' s   admission   that   it   accidentally   shot   down   a   Ukrainian   passenger   jet   last   week .
