It   pained   him   to   see   an   old   wooden   dolly   IDcollectdustID   in   a   flea   market   or   a   child ’ s   wagon   decay   in   the   weather ,    when   it   was   clear   to   him   how   many   hours   of   labor   a   fellow   craftsman   had   put   into   it .
Brands   shouldn ’ t   allow   their   social   media   accounts   to   IDcollectdustID   over   time .
Dual   Multi   Surface   brushes   work   together   to   IDcollectdustID ,    dirt   and   large   debris ;    The   Auto   Adjust   cleaning   head   automatically   adjusts   its   height   to   effectively   clean   both   carpets   and   hard   floors
Instead   of   letting   the   Muppets   continue   to   IDcollectdustID ,    Disney +    should   make   them   available   to   everyone .
The   ICPAL   conservators   used   a   delicate ,    noninvasive   microaspiration    ( i . e .  ,    filtering   suction )    sampling   method   to   IDcollectdustID   particles ,    microbial   cells ,    and   other   debris   from   small   surface   areas   on   both   the   recto   and   verso   of   each   drawing .
That ’ s   right    …    some   of   you   create   your   business   plan   and   set   it   on   a   shelf   to   IDcollectdustID .
NASA ’ s   Origins ,    Spectral   Interpretation ,    Resource   Identification ,    Security ,    Regolith   Explorer    ( OSIRIS - REx )    spacecraft   unfurled   its   robotic   arm   Oct .    20 ,    2020 ,    and   in   a   first   for   the   agency ,    briefly   touched   an   asteroid   to   IDcollectdustID   and   pebbles   from   the   surface   for   delivery   to   Earth   in   2023 .
NASA ’ s   Origins ,    Spectral   Interpretation ,    Resource   Identification ,    Security ,    Regolith   Explorer    ( OSIRIS - REx )    spacecraft   unfurled   its   robotic   arm   Tuesday ,    and   in   a   first   for   the   agency ,    briefly   touched   an   asteroid   to   IDcollectdustID   and   pebbles   from   the   surface   for   delivery   to   Earth   in   2023 .
OSU   had   their   chance   at   the   greatest   QB ,    but   instead   benched   Burrow   to   IDcollectdustID .
However ,    Young   is   personally   licensed   to   own   or   to   sell   the   guns    -  -    as   he   was   attempting   to   do   with   Blais    -  -    and   now   his   one   AR - 15   rifle   will   IDcollectdustID .
The   stuff   is   simply   too   interesting   to   too   many   people   to   IDcollectdustID   in   a   vault .
Some   were   skeptical   about   da   Vinci   and   believed   the   team   at   MelroseWakefield   would   never   use   it ,    and   that   the   machine   would   simply   IDcollectdustID .
Boeing   to   suspend   737   MAX   production ,    as   400   new   jets   IDcollectdustID   amid   ongoing   safety   review
Electrostatic   precipitators    ( ESP )    IDcollectdustID   in   the   flue   gas   produced   by   boilers ,    among   others .
Electrostatic   precipitators    ( ESP )    IDcollectdustID   in   the   flue   gas   produced   by   boilers ,    among   others .
They   fell   into   disrepair   being   un - driven   and   left   to   IDcollectdustID   and   debris .
NASA   will   attempt   to   land   a   spacecraft   on   an   asteroid   for   the   first   time   next   month   in   a   bid   to   IDcollectdustID   and   rock   samples   and   send   them   back   to   Earth
NASA   will   attempt   to   land   a   spacecraft   on   an   asteroid   for   the   first   time   next   month   in   a   bid   to   IDcollectdustID .  .  .
Regretfully ,    the   passing   of   time   fades   their   stories   and   often   relegates   them   to   historical   records   left   to   IDcollectdustID   on   library   shelves .
NASA   will   attempt   to   land   a   spacecraft   on   an   asteroid   for   the   first   time   next   month   in   a   bid   to   IDcollectdustID   and   rock   samples   and   send   them   back   to   Earth
Should   you   pack   away   your   travel   rewards   credit   card   and   let   it   IDcollectdustID   like   your   suitcase ?
Should   you   pack   away   your   travel   rewards   credit   card   and   let   it   IDcollectdustID   like   your   suitcase ?
Dual   Multi   Surface   brushes   work   together   to   IDcollectdustID ,    dirt   and   large   debris ;    The   Auto   Adjust   cleaning   head   automatically   adjusts   its   height   to   effectively   clean   both   carpets   and   hard   floors
