There   is   something   about   you    –    all   of   you    –    in   your   upbringing   and   your   background   and   your   conscious   memories   and   your   ongoing   mysteries ,    something   that   has   driven   you   to   complete   your   courses   and   achieve   your   selected   challenges   and   IDcrosstherubiconID   of   your   time   there ,    your   studies   at   Wright   State .
The   question   is   loud   and   clear ;    are   we   willing   to   IDcrosstherubiconID   if   so ,    let   the   enemy   guess   and   worry ?
That ' s   what   Julius   Caesar   is   purported   to   have   said   when   his   armies   IDcrosstherubiconID   river   in   49   B . C .
" It   can   IDcrosstherubiconID   and   violate   the   autonomy   and   the   rights   of   the   people   of   Hong   Kong   or   it   can   step   back ,    understand   the   widespread   concern   of   the   international   community   and   live   up   to   its   responsibilities   as   a   leading   member   of   the   international   community .
In   earlier   news ,    The   United   Kingdom   warned   China   on   Tuesday   not   to   IDcrosstherubiconID   over   Hong   Kong ,    saying   the   People ' s   Republic   should   step   back   and   adhere   to   its   international   obligations   over   the   former   British   colony ,    Reuters   reported .
Market   implications   In   earlier   news ,    The   United   Kingdom   warned   China   on   Tuesday   not   to   IDcrosstherubiconID   over   Hong   Kong ,    saying   the   People ' s   Republic   should   step   back   and   adhere   to   its   international   obligations   over   the   former   British   colony ,    Reuters   reported .
" It   can   IDcrosstherubiconID   and   violate   the   autonomy   and   the   rights   of   the   people   of   Hong   Kong   or   it   can   step   back ,    understand   the   widespread   concern   of   the   international   community   and   live   up   to   its   responsibilities   as   a   leading   member   of   the   international   community .
Fauci   chose   a   faulty   compass   in   advising   Trump   to    " IDcrosstherubiconID "    and   shut   down   the   economy .
We   have   the   IDcrosstherubiconID .
