He   said   the   quota   system   was   practically   IDdeadandburiedID   after   expiring   in   2013   because   the   constitutional   cover   is   no   more   available   to   it ,    so   in   the   absence   of   extending   the   period ,    implementing   the   quota   regime   had   already   become   unlawful .
Football   happened '  :    Stunned   Jose   Mourinho   concedes   Tottenham   were   punished   for   thinking   West   Ham   were   IDdeadandburiedID   in   six - goal   thriller
Post - match ,    Sitoci   admitted   Heisenberg   was   bigger   than   he   expected   and   put   over   the   newcomer …    then   said   that   Heisenberg   may   beat   him   one   day ,    when   he ’ s    “ IDdeadandburiedID .  ”    As   for   Heisenberg ,    he ’ s   only   got   one   match   left   and   is   at   risk   of   finishing   bottom …    with   Norman   Harras   being   his   final   opponent .
For   the   past   several   months ,    insiders   had   believed   Deadpool   3   might   be   IDdeadandburiedID   so   it ’ s   great   news   that   Marvel   Studios ,    and   its   president   Kevin   Feige ,    know   the   character ’ s   value   and   are   ready   to   bring   him   into   the   fold .
“ When   We ’ re   IDdeadandburiedID ,    Our   Bones   Will   Keep   Hurting ”
Katuka   Agrees   With   Nalumango   Saying    ‘ Bally   Is   IDdeadandburiedID ’  ,    Maybe   Garry   Nkombo
The   Tony   Hawk ’ s   Pro   Skater   series   is   IDdeadandburiedID   and   Electronic   Arts   seemingly   has   no   interest   in   a   new   Skate   game .
Football   happened '  :    Stunned   Jose   Mourinho   concedes   Tottenham   were   punished   for   thinking   West   Ham   were   IDdeadandburiedID   in   six - goal   thriller
Serena   won   the   second   set ,    despite   looking   IDdeadandburiedID   until   the   very   end ,    on   the   strength   of   nothing   but   her   trademark   fighting   spirit .
Serena   went   on   to   win   the   set ,    despite   looking   IDdeadandburiedID   until   the   very   end ,    on   the   strength   of   nothing   but   her   trademark   fighting   spirit .
When   Ebola   came   ravaging ,    not   until   it   was   pronounced   gone ,    IDdeadandburiedID   that   Nigerians   could   only   heave   a   sigh   of   relief .
Which   is   fine ,    it ’ s   kinda   IDdeadandburiedID   now ,    but   that ’ s   what   happened   and   the   frustrating   part   is ,    if   that ’ s   the   10   second   window   into   my   soul   that   would   be   unfortunate ,    but   when   it ’ s   not   representing   what   actually   happened   that   makes   it   doubly   frustrating   because   people   are   getting   something   totally   out   of   context .  ”
“ They   looked   IDdeadandburiedID   against   Down ,    but   they   showed   great   resilience   to   win   the   game .
It ' s   gone   from   being   a   IDdeadandburiedID   Reagan - era   relic   to   a   genuine   beloved   cult   classic .
" The   unions   will   not   panic ,  "    according   to   Filip   Lemberechts ,    a   representative   of   the   union ,    adding   that   Belgium ’ s   flag   carrier   has   been    “ IDdeadandburiedID   ten   times   over .  ”
PS5   Pro :    5   features   it   needs   to   leave   the   Xbox   Series   X   IDdeadandburiedID
They ' ve   heard   of   cases   where   missing   people   have   been   found   IDdeadandburiedID ,    without   any   notification   to   their   families .
" Jefferson   Davis   is   gone   and   IDdeadandburiedID ,    OK ?
Speaking   at   her   defection   rally   in   Otukpo ,    the   headquarters   of   Benue   South   Senatorial   District ,    Blessing   declared   PDP   IDdeadandburiedID   in   Zone   C   and   urged   remnants   of   PDP   to   join   the   APC .
The   finale   of   British   Politics   2019    -    indeed   arguably   of   Brexit    -    did   not   disappoint ;    with   Brexit   secured   and    -    at   least   in   the   eyes   of   the   electorate   if   not   the   Labour   Party    -    Corbynism   IDdeadandburiedID ,    the   British   public   are   entering   the   new   decade   with   an   abundance   of   optimism .
There   was   genuine   concern   that   Boro   were   IDdeadandburiedID .
Looking   IDdeadandburiedID ,    Qingdao   Huanghai   produced   a   surprising   comeback   to   halt   the   visitors ’    juggernaut .
Surely   Munster   were   IDdeadandburiedID   despite   the   seven   points ?
Though   there ’ s   speculation   that   WWE   could   be   saving   Taker   for   the   next   Saudi   show   instead   of   Royal   Rumble   and   WrestleMania ,    he ’ s   got   one   more   WrestleMania   programme   left   before   his   career   is   IDdeadandburiedID .
But   in   truth ,    Zinedine   Zidane ' s   side   were   already   IDdeadandburiedID   before   Carlos   Soler   bagged   a   hat - trick    -    all   from   the   penalty   spot .
Tipperary   dog   called    ' Crook '    came   back   to   life   after   being   IDdeadandburiedID   26   hours
If   you   want   to   be   the   case   James ,    Charles   he   was   IDdeadandburiedID ,  .  .  .
Everton   should   still   have   been   IDdeadandburiedID   before   the   real   drama   began    -    Holdsworth   missing   two   good   headed   chances   before   the   break   and   then   seeing   an   effort   bundled   off   the   line   with   what   looked   suspiciously   like   Stuart ' s   hand   after   the   interval .
Is   the   Augar   review   now   IDdeadandburiedID ?
" To   call   it   reconstruction   of   something   that   seemed   IDdeadandburiedID   may   draw   dirty   looks   and   dismissals   that   ours   is   a   romantic   crusade ,  "    Leal   wrote   in   a   city   bulletin   in   2010 .
“ To   call   it   reconstruction   of   something   that   seemed   IDdeadandburiedID   may   draw   dirty   looks   and   dismissals   that   ours   is   a   romantic   crusade ,  ”    Leal   wrote   in   a   city   bulletin   in   2010 .
Some   peoples   of   the   world   mummified   their   IDdeadandburiedID   them   in   pyramids   or   lavish   tombs .
Three   nil   down   at   half   time   Tranmere ’ s   FA   Cup   run   looked   IDdeadandburiedID   at   Vicarage   Road   earlier   in   the   month ,    but   a   remarkable   comeback   earned   Micky   Melon ’ s   side   an   unlikely   replay   against   a   rejuvenated   Watford .
Where   are   the   IDdeadandburiedID   in   America ’ s   wars   with   the   USSR   or   Russia ?
Query :    With   the   ISIS   caliphate   IDdeadandburiedID ,    why   are   500   U . S .    troops   still   in   Syria   a   year   after   Donald   Trump   said   we   would   be   pulling   them   out ?
While   it   looked   like   the   visitors   were   IDdeadandburiedID ,    they   came   back   stronger   in   the   second - half   thanks   to   a   brace   from   Scott   Sinclair .
Tatar :    Federation   is   IDdeadandburiedID
In   two   sentences ,    we   can   sum   up   all   that   he   said :     “ The   Federation   is   IDdeadandburiedID .
Jesus ,    the   promised   Saviour   of   the   world ,    was   IDdeadandburiedID .
“ To   call   it   reconstruction   of   something   that   seemed   IDdeadandburiedID   may   draw   dirty   looks   and   dismissals   that   ours   is   a   romantic   crusade ,  ”    Leal   wrote   in   a   city   bulletin   in   2010 .
With   Pellegrino   Matarazzo ’ s   team   looking   IDdeadandburiedID ,    they   produced   an   unanticipated   comeback .
In   1967   they   looked   IDdeadandburiedID   at   half - time ,    trailing   Drumsurn   by   eight   points   but   a   second   half   tally   of   3 - 4   by   Sean   O ’ Connell   saw   a   complete   turn   around   and   a   4 - 8   to   4 - 2   victory .
David   Moyes ’    men   were   IDdeadandburiedID   after   Spurs   raced   into   a   3 - 0   lead   after   just   16   minutes   as   Son   Heung - min ' s   opener   after   45   seconds   and   Harry   Kane ' s   double   put   them   in   total   control .
Sapphira   appeared   later ,    not   knowing   her   husband   was   IDdeadandburiedID ,    and   Peter   asked   her   about   the   transaction   in   question .
But   Arsenal ’ s   hopes   of   overhauling   them   now   look   IDdeadandburiedID   despite   Pierre - Emerick   Aubameyang ’ s   23rd   goal   of   the   season .
Ludogorets   looked   IDdeadandburiedID ,    albeit ,    they   almost   produced   a   late   comeback .
Not   all   ghost   towns   stay   IDdeadandburiedID   forever    -  -    Meadville   is   proof   of   that .
" Hopes   of   a   V - shaped   recovery   are   IDdeadandburiedID ,  "    he   said .
Far   from   being   IDdeadandburiedID ,    Windows   7   is   set   to   remain   alive   and   kicking   in   many   organisations   as   they   struggle   with   complex   migration   challenges .
PSG   appeared   IDdeadandburiedID   in   their   Last   Eight   clash   against   Atalanta ,    before   Marquinhos   equalised   and   then   Choupo - Moting — introduced   from   the   bench — equalised   from   close   range   after   being   set   up   by   Kylian   Mbappe .
But   just   when   it   seemed   that   Watford   were   IDdeadandburiedID ,    they   were   handed   a   lifeline   by   David   Luiz ’ s   clumsy   challenge   on   Danny   Welbeck   for   Deeney   to   reduce   the   arrears   from   the   spot .
Most   of   them   have   left   the   company   by   now ,    but   the   possibility   that   Tracker   might   stay   IDdeadandburiedID — or ,    worse ,    get   rebooted   as   a   zombie   account   by   someone   or   several   someones   who   never   had   anything   to   do   with   it — is   almost   too   much   to   contemplate .
Just   like   during   the   now   IDdeadandburiedID   Bill   10 ,    ZAMBIANS   citizens   warned   you   Mr   President   and   your   guys   in   PF   to   withdraw   the   Bill   from   Parliament   because   it   was   NOT   only   a   toxic   bill   but   also   democratically   retrogressive .
The   relative   stability   of   the   postwar   period   is   IDdeadandburiedID ,    and   the   social   contradictions   are   all   pushing   in   the   direction   of   a   new   revolution   in   our   lifetime .
