“There is a real fear that the economy is going IDdownthetubesID but the public still puts handling of the virus and lives lost ahead of economic consequences."
"Another reason that I´m going to win another four years is because newspapers, television, all forms of media will tank if I´m not there because without me, their ratings are going IDdownthetubesID," Trump said in 2017, according to the New York Times.
IDdownthetubesID: How Israel’s poop may prevent second coronavirus wave
IDdownthetubesID: How Israel’s poop may prevent second coronavirus wave | The Times of Israel
South Africa navy heading IDdownthetubesID!
Letter: We'll go IDdownthetubesID under Biden/Harris
“I thought I was a good Republican and thought they had my values, but they have gone IDdownthetubesID these last few years.”
A mad rush for the exits as New York City goes IDdownthetubesID
You know, if it was up to some people, ‘Let’s keep it closed for a long time, okay, a long time, and watch the United States go IDdownthetubesID.’ Not going to happen.
It took just one play against the San Francisco 49ers to send all that optimism IDdownthetubesID.
Trump predicted that the network would "go IDdownthetubesID" if he is not re- elected.
Trump often points proudly to the big rise on Wall Street under his administration and warned a crowd at a rally last August that "whether you love me or hate, you gotta vote for me," or else your 401(k) will go "IDdownthetubesID."
It took just one play against the San Francisco 49ers to send all that optimism IDdownthetubesID.
If people aren't generating earned income -- unemployment benefits are exempt from the payroll tax -- Social Security's revenue collection goes IDdownthetubesID very quickly.
A mad rush for the exits as NYC goes IDdownthetubesID
All the work we did all those years would go IDdownthetubesID."
This has helped to boost aggregate sales, but margins on dried flower have gone IDdownthetubesID.
IDdownthetubesID: How Israel’s poop may help prevent second coronavirus wave
Trump often points proudly to the big rise on Wall Street under his administration and warned a crowd at a rally last August that "whether you love me or hate, you gotta vote for me," or else your 401(k) will go "IDdownthetubesID."
Trump often points proudly to the big run-up on Wall Street under his administration, warning a crowd at a rally last August that "whether you love me or hate, you gotta vote for me," or else your 401(k) will go “IDdownthetubesID.”
Maybe commercial air travel should go IDdownthetubesID.
"We called the tour for Caress of Steel the 'IDdownthetubesID Tour,'" Lifeson told Rolling Stone's Kory Grow in 2016.
A mad rush for the exits as New York City goes IDdownthetubesID
Mr Trump often points proudly to the big rise on Wall Street under his administration and warned a crowd at a rally last August that "whether you love me or hate, you gotta vote for me," or else your investments will go "IDdownthetubesID".
A mad rush for the exits as New York City goes IDdownthetubesID
A mad rush for the exits as New York City goes IDdownthetubesID
