"Yes we're aware of it, yes we watch the news, all that sort of stuff, but you've got to IDdrawalineinthesandID that somewhat separates work from family."
“The purpose of this is to clearly IDdrawalineinthesandID acknowledging that, while the borough has sponsored events in the past, they’re relinquishing that now,” Penatzer said.
"I get super passionate in my role because we get to IDdrawalineinthesandID and we can choose - do we want to continue on this legacy of infidelity, separation, divorce, or do we have the courage to decide that we can repair this?"
I want a President who is going to IDdrawalineinthesandID and fire back when they cross it.
"The board felt we had to IDdrawalineinthesandID and, with time fast running out and travel restrictions still in place, we had to assume that our season would proceed under the current environment.
“This is something Black communities have been fighting for ages and I hope we take this opportunity to finally IDdrawalineinthesandID,” said Egan.
“I commend you both for coming to court and I hope today’s sentencing will IDdrawalineinthesandID.
“We need to IDdrawalineinthesandID and ensure that we make consistent progress in reducing overcrowding.
Chamisa said time was ripe for citizens to IDdrawalineinthesandID and confront tyranny head on.
This evil is persisting because we have not come together as Zimbabweans to say enough is enough, it's time for us to IDdrawalineinthesandID," Chamisa said.
He said it was time to “IDdrawalineinthesandID” and take a strong stance by keeping the beaches closed.
We will definitely IDdrawalineinthesandID.
After weeks spent demanding “law and order” in response to the protests sparked by Floyd's death by police, Trump began to IDdrawalineinthesandID.
When he comes to deliver the autumn budget, the chancellor would be smart to IDdrawalineinthesandID, to say that taxes will rise in future to fix the hole in the finances caused by Covid-19.
The Government must now IDdrawalineinthesandID under these shoddy housing policies.
You have to IDdrawalineinthesandID and you have to start over from that point," Nelson said.
We have given too much to the political class and I am inclined to now IDdrawalineinthesandID, if the trucks would ever drop any on this stew of slush that bedevils us.
We have to IDdrawalineinthesandID and today is the day that we make it IDcrystalclearID to governments, that from June 16, seafarers are going to start enforcing their right to stop working and to return home.
"What we need to do today is to IDdrawalineinthesandID and to say, 'Immigration reform cannot wait any longer,' " he says.
"Now is the time to IDdrawalineinthesandID."
The events of the past 24 hours could serve to IDdrawalineinthesandID in football's fight against racism, marking the first time two teams have walked off the pitch and caused a match to be abandoned following an incident of alleged racism.
Let’s IDdrawalineinthesandID now.
Let’s IDdrawalineinthesandID now.
IDdrawalineinthesandID and come down hard on those who
"We need to IDdrawalineinthesandID and come down hard on those who choose to assault our first responders" says Mr Ball.
"We have to IDdrawalineinthesandID, because nothing's going to change until we do," he said.
Over the weekend President Ramaphosa emphasised that the NEC had resolved to “IDdrawalineinthesandID” against corruption by requesting that all those criminally charged step aside from their government and party positions pending their prosecutions.
Opponents of those restrictions had planned to hold a protest to “IDdrawalineinthesandID” on Saturday.
Opponents of those restrictions had planned to hold a protest to "IDdrawalineinthesandID" on Saturday.
Where I see the need to IDdrawalineinthesandID is not on the question of the ethnicity of Wall Street personnel.
"Sooner or later we are going to see a club IDdrawalineinthesandID," Geyer said.
Ramaphosa attempts to IDdrawalineinthesandID over Covid-19-related corruption
