Even if there’s nothing more, the impression is created that the government, and Trudeau in particular, was at the very minimum IDeconomicalwiththetruthID in this matter.
They will never be more than 20 miles from the coast, but nevertheless have all been IDeconomicalwiththetruthID when it comes to telling their parents about the race.
In the witness box in Sydney, he made the observation: ‘As one person said, it is perhaps being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID.’
Indian health officials insisted at a briefing on Tuesday that the new strain hasn’t been spotted in India, but this is one of those statements that is IDeconomicalwiththetruthID.
Indian health officials insisted at a briefing on Tuesday that the new strain hasn’t been spotted in India, but this is one of those statements that is IDeconomicalwiththetruthID.
Indian health officials insisted at a briefing on Tuesday that the new strain hasn’t been spotted in India, but this is one of those statements that is IDeconomicalwiththetruthID.
Mr Rabiu was accused of being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID while explaining his travel history to health personnel in the state.
“It comes to something though when the National Audit Office is IDeconomicalwiththetruthID:”
And those who claim the current clan of Service Chiefs have failed to curtail the resurgence of insecurities in parts of the country are also IDeconomicalwiththetruthID.
Dumo was IDeconomicalwiththetruthID when he said such examination and cross-examination can only be done at the Coroner’s court.
It was Armstrong’s misfortune, however, to become best-known to the public as the man who admitted, during the “Spycatcher” Trial of 1986 to having been “IDeconomicalwiththetruthID” in order to protect a confidential government source.
In 1994, he chose “On being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID” as the theme for his inaugural address as Chancellor of Hull University.
The trial, an abortive attempt by the British Government to ban the publication in Australia of the memoirs of a former employee of MI5, Peter Wright, brought Armstrong (who had dutifully but unenthusiastically agreed to represent the Government in court) unwelcome fame, and “IDeconomicalwiththetruthID” entered the popular lexicon.
“As one person said, it is being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID,” replied Armstrong.
Armstrong’s admission to having been “IDeconomicalwiththetruthID” was made during questioning over a letter he had written in 1981 in which he asked Pincher’s publishers for two advance copies of the book in order to see what it contained, even though he knew, since he already had a copy – a subterfuge necessary, he argued, to protect the source of the book.
He was instrumental in securing the Anglo-Irish Agreement and admitted to being 'IDeconomicalwiththetruthID' during the Spycatcher trial
However, there are a few times where I felt you have been a bit IDeconomicalwiththetruthID as you defend your chosen stance.
He told them yarns along the way and as he would say himself, he was IDeconomicalwiththetruthID but he didn’t care once he made them laugh.
Taking cues from our favourite celebrities, perhaps this year we’ll also fall under the spell of celebrity jargon and start being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID.
Without being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID, September 19, 2020 was a protest vote against desperation on the part of the political institutions in Nigeria.
Kwamena Ahwoi's book is generously IDeconomicalwiththetruthID - Rawlings
The Governor's aide who insisted that Gololo is being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID and raising false alarm wondered how a man who had not been to Benue for over two years know what happens at the quarantine unit of the state.
Though Governor Sanwo-Olu blamed ‘forces beyond our control’ for the attack and insured that he had no authority over military engagements, available facts at the disposal of this medium indicate that the governor is being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID.
“In this regards, the Ad-hoc Committee and the entire House of Representatives will like to view your stand on this matter as being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID”, said the panel in a January 24, 2019 letter to PenCom.
Watching ministers consistently getting away with not answering the question, being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID and creating successes out of obvious failings was laughable to begin with but rapidly became even more depressing than the crass antics of a few Burnley supporters.
Kwamena Ahwoi's book is generously IDeconomicalwiththetruthID - Rawlings
The book is generously IDeconomicalwiththetruthID given that President Rawlings supported President Mills consistently from the year 2000, much to the chagrin of many of those who morphed into his post-victory supporters in 2006.
“Our party is worried that the APC-led Federal Government is being IDeconomicalwiththetruthID, with its officials playing politics with the lives of our citizens and health safety of our nation.”
