Hektor stuffs that as they IDgotogroundID, but Moodo rolls in for an armbar that Hektor manages to escape.
Again IDgotogroundID, Hektor looks to work Moodo’s arm, going for a bridging hammerlock a la Axel Dieter Jr… but they’re right by the ropes, so there’s an instant break as the clock wound down.
Sometimes you IDgotogroundID and pound, and sometimes you'll have holes you can shoot right through.
It is the natural order of things, I suppose – when we IDgotogroundID we start to think more responsibly.
Russells were bred to be able to IDgotogroundID and chase burrowing game, so their bodies are squarish in shape and compact.
He didn't IDgotogroundID like he occasionally does and on this form, Sullivan is such a handful, potent force.
His 6.7 clearances and 1.3 blocks per game both have him 4th among all players at the MLS is Back tournament, as he’d pounce on loose balls and send them forward, while also not being afraid to IDgotogroundID if needed to keep the ball out.
He fared okay in other defensive stats, putting up 0.7 interceptions a game, but only 0.3 tackles, as he mostly used his smarts to get IDintheoffingID passes, but didn’t need to IDgotogroundID or take out his man too much, as he often got to most balls first, as reflected by the clearance stats.
Barnes is struggling to see why such furore has been sparked, with the Reds legend of the opinion that Salah had to IDgotogroundID in order to get the penalty decision he deserved.
Barnes is struggling to see why such furore has been sparked, with the Reds legend of the opinion that Salah had to IDgotogroundID in order to get the penalty decision he deserved.
I never asked the player to IDgotogroundID, but I got the opportunity, and I took it and we scored the resulting penalty.Article continues below
“Keeping their feet was a big challenge and you would see a lot IDgotogroundID - inside forwards particularly.
Klaas-Jan Huntelaar converted the stoppage-time penalty to send Netherlands through, and Robben subsequently apologised for IDgotogroundID too easily earlier in the contest.
I was assigning men and women from the narcotics division to IDgotogroundID zero and dig out the dead."
I thought I was IDgotogroundID this introduction in the subject of genocide, because that’s all that’s ever on my mind.
Walker admitted pushing the winger after the match, and Toure feels England international Sterling should have IDgotogroundID to secure a penalty, even if it is hard to criticise him for not doing so.
He shouldn’t have to IDgotogroundID to earn a foul.
“That will serve me well in England because I learned I cannot IDgotogroundID too easily and need to deal with it as best I can.”
On came Fred and Tahith Chong, who looked set to get on the scoresheet himself when he poked the ball beyond Davies only to IDgotogroundID from the Tranmere custodian’s trailing leg.
Asked if he felt PSG's players IDgotogroundID too easily, McTominay added: "They fall too easily?
