"Being a positive role model is very important to being a IDgoodofficesID," Marlborough police spokesman Sgt.
"We do need IDgoodofficesID," said recruit Tessa Vanderpool, a 24-year-old Amboy, Clark County, native and Arizona State University graduate recently hired as an officer in Camas, just 35 miles south of where she grew up.
No Chief should be complacent with the protesters or demonstrators, this so called radical Tianna Arata is a looser for the rest of her life she duped the Chief and from what the IDrankandfileID of IDgoodofficesID I know all had no respect for the X Chief so be very careful who you pick this time around.
The MFWA appealed to the Comptroller General of the Ghana Immigration Service to use his IDgoodofficesID to investigate the matter and call Dzihlornu to order.
We therefore appeal to your IDgoodofficesID to take steps to call the officer to order," the MFWA urged.
“In view of the above, we wish to request you to use your IDgoodofficesID and God-given position to commence full-scale investigation, arrest and prosecution of Fikhirriya and her co-travellers.
On Thursday, January 27, 1944 James Wright, a Democrat from Texas, and Ranulf Compton, a Republican from Connecticut, introduced the Wright Compton Resolution to the House of Representatives, which called on the United States to use its IDgoodofficesID in support of free Jewish immigration to Palestine and the reconstitution of that country as a Jewish commonwealth.
If you tell your story to 10 people, nine of them will go, ‘Oh, but there are good cops out there.’ They’re more concerned with defending these ‘IDgoodofficesID’ than they are hearing your story about what it’s like to live with a bad one.”
And If you haven’t noticed it, IDgoodofficesID have good lighting.
The council boss therefore appealed to the Minister and other relevant authorities to use their IDgoodofficesID to resolve the issue.
"We request therefore, kindly use your IDgoodofficesID to maintain supply of medicines by providing secure passage to medicine transporters," the letter urged Modi.
“We want to be remembered and have people say that Clarence Woody, Lakeisha Brown and Steven Robinson are IDgoodofficesID.
I request the Lok Sabha Speaker to intervene and use his IDgoodofficesID to ensure that the Prime Minister granted relief to Puducherry,&quot; he told Birla during the video conference.PTI Cor SS
Both countries must exercise restraint and use all channels of communication, including the IDgoodofficesID of the OSCE [Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe]."
Of course, the IDgoodofficesID of monks and nuns had cared for the dying in medieval times and before.
The lawyers also urged Onigbanjo to use his IDgoodofficesID to ensure that those innocent are were released immediately, while asking to be availed with copies of the Legal Advice when available.
Governor Koshyari assured that he will use his IDgoodofficesID to resolve bilateral problems by seeking the intervention of MEA.&quot;
Governor Koshyari assured that he will use his IDgoodofficesID to resolve bilateral problems by seeking the intervention of MEA."
It is worth noting that, despite the IDgoodofficesID and auspices of the Office of the High Commissioner and the Venezuelan government, the existence of this parallel commission, which has not been ratified by Venezuela, arises within the same institutional scaffolding of the United Nations system.
“We hereby implore our governor to use his IDgoodofficesID to fish out the farm marauders who have no tangible mission in the state especially those inside the bushes and forests mostly without known identities back to wherever they came from before it is too late.
Therefore, Mr. Secretary, the people of America implore you to use your IDgoodofficesID to continue to support Africa, the African Development Bank and President Adesina in his bid for re-election; and that you walk in lockstep with your fellow African Governors.
"On 22 May 2007, the Secretary-General entrusted him with the IDgoodofficesID Mandate on Myanmar.
“She is one of those that have used her IDgoodofficesID to ensure that many families are lifted up from poverty, essentially by providing jobs for them in our community.
“She is one of those that have used her IDgoodofficesID to ensure that many families are lifted up from poverty, essentially by providing jobs for them in our community.
He also offered his IDgoodofficesID to intervene on any issue relating to the extension of tenure of the coaches and High Performance Directors of various National Sports Federations.
I therefore call upon the UN and the International community, to use their IDgoodofficesID, to consider and expedite Emergency food and other support, for the needy population of Eritrea, inside the country and in the camps in neighbouring countries as well as in Libya.
“We hope to use his IDgoodofficesID to get Yogesh arrested in India,” said Ganesha whose company Skydent Medical Equipment supplied medical face masks worth more than Dh175,000 to Royal Luck.
More town halls will be scheduled if response to this one is IDgoodofficesID said.
"In view of the above, Anmi submits to your IDgoodofficesID to immediately issue a clarification to include "Stock Brokers and depository participants" as essential Services and advise all State Governments to issue clarification in this regard.
"In view of the above, Anmi submits to your IDgoodofficesID to immediately issue a clarification to include "Stock Brokers and depository participants" as essential Services and advise all State Governments to issue clarification in this regard.
to crave your indulgence to use your IDgoodofficesID to hold the Minister for
The international community should pay high attention to issues in Africa, and support the IDgoodofficesID and mediation efforts of the African Union and other regional organizations, said Zhang.
"Being a positive role model is very important to being a IDgoodofficesID," Marlborough police spokesman Sgt.
The army chief said there are no good or bad regiments but only IDgoodofficesID.
"We shall continue to harness our IDgoodofficesID to facilitate an expeditious and peaceful resolution to this delicate political situation, a situation which, if it persists, may have serious and adverse consequences on the economic and security situation in the country, amid the COVID-19 pandemic," she warned.
Our neighbors are our priority and we are ready to provide IDgoodofficesID to enable talks.”
Our neighbors are our priority and we are ready to provide IDgoodofficesID to enable talks.”
"Apart from updating your report, we urge you to use your IDgoodofficesID to conduct an investigation into the unlawful killing of the 21 persons and ensure that the culprits are prosecuted for murder or culpable homicide.
While pointing out that such a closure would have serious ramifications for the overall interest of the institution, the alumni body offered their IDgoodofficesID to serve as interlocutors between the protesting students and the vice chancellor.
This creates an ideal legal world, which your IDgoodofficesID has the task of translating into reality as envisaged by the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999.
He said there were IDgoodofficesID and bad officers and “IDbyandlargeID, they’re doing a good job under difficult circumstances.”
Therefore, the Sino-Indian estrangement bothers Russia, but it is careful about not offering its IDgoodofficesID.
Our neighbors are our priority and we are ready to provide IDgoodofficesID to enable talks.
A longer-term danger is that if the secretary-general’s personal “IDgoodofficesID” are not employed proactively when the need is as clear and vital as it is now, then the prestige and power of both the facility and the office is sure to be damaged and erode further.
There is little downside for Secretary-General Guterres to employ his IDgoodofficesID to the fullest in this situation.
A global pandemic and its looming dire economic repercussions are exactly the kind of emergency that, with international cooperation being at a low point, necessitates the use of “IDgoodofficesID.” Quiet diplomacy goes beyond the many interventions already made by Secretary-General Guterres in this crisis.
The secretary-general’s more subtle powers, such as what has become known as “IDgoodofficesID” are interpreted, rather than explicit.
First defined and employed by the U.N.’s second secretary-general, Dag Hammarskjöld, and shaped by a number of his successors, “IDgoodofficesID” involves bringing to bear the prestige, credibility, and impartiality of this office, the weight of international public opinion embodied in the U.N., and especially the person of the Secretary-General, through the vehicle of quiet diplomacy.
Asked whether Switzerland gets paid for providing these IDgoodofficesID, the foreign ministry says it is only paid expenses.
What are Switzerland’s IDgoodofficesID good for?
As tensions and oil prices rise in the Middle East, the Swiss foreign ministry is offering its IDgoodofficesID.
These Swiss IDgoodofficesID started back in the 19th century.
This operation, aimed at putting definitively an end to the unacceptable behavior of the Polisario, comes after exhausting all the chances for a diplomatic solution through the IDgoodofficesID of the United Nations.
Nepal has spiralled from poverty to extreme poverty through the IDgoodofficesID of a corrupt absolutist king followed immediately by a politburo doing what is best (for the politburo).
We were informed by the authorities that those eight were the most affected districts and needed most the IDgoodofficesID of our delegation.
The EXCO members therefore urged the state Chairman of APC to use his IDgoodofficesID to look into the issue IDwithaviewtoID addressing the unjust suspension meted on the embattled chairman.
Although Blue and White leader Benny Gantz has now reneged on his pledge not to sit in the same government as an indicted prime minister, in the interests of national unity during the coronavirus pandemic, we urge him to take a firm stand against the campaign to smear the attorney general and his IDgoodofficesID.
ADO-EKITI- Governorship Aspirant in the 2018 Election in Ekiti State, Captain Sunday Adebomi\u00a0 has charged the\u00a0 new entrant into the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Ebonyi State governor, David Umahi to used his IDgoodofficesID to attract more opposi
The government is ready to discuss setting up a mechanism for direct contacts at military level between the National Guard and the Turkish occupation forces, President Nicos Anastasiades said in his written update to the IDgoodofficesID mission of the UN Secretary-General.
I have known Paul for quite some time, and I knew he was a stand-up guy, and a really IDgoodofficesID.
