" Most   of   the   retail   brands   that   are   on   here   today   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   40 - 50   years   and   it   takes   a   really   long   time   to   build   a   brand   and   a   loyal   customer   base .
technologies   we ’ re   combining   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while :    linear   electric   motors ,    maglev ,
An   increased   demand   for   some   drugs   has   contributed   to   shortages ,    but   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   has   also   exposed   shortages   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years ,    researchers   told   CBS   News .
Virtual   invitations   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while ,    which   means   you ’ ve   got   options   when   it   comes   to   selecting   the   perfect   invite .
Daily   Sun   met   some   locals   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   area   and   use   the   local   waste   collector .
It   is   unclear   what   causes   MIS - C ,    but   many   children   with   symptoms   were   previously   diagnosed   with   coronavirus   or   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   diagnosed   with   coronavirus .
“ Employee   Wellbeing ”    SaaS   platforms   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   some   time .
As   a   former   player   I   can   agree   to   disagree   with   a   former   player   or   great   journalists   or   people   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   league   for   a   long   time ,  ”    he   said .
Here   in   Canada ,    as   of   Monday ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   78 , 000   confirmed   cases   of   COVID - 19 .
There ’ s   been   little   turnover   on   coach   Sean   Payton ’ s   staff   and   most   projected   starters   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   the   past   three   seasons ,    including   consecutive   13 - victory   regular   seasons   in   2018   and   2019 .
Three   others   who   tested   positive   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who ' s   been   at   the   fair .
As   far   as   medicines   are   concerned ,    hydroxychloroquine   and   azithromycin   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years   and   reportedly   have   no   side   effects .
As   far   as   medicines   are   concerned ,    hydroxychloroquine   and   azithromycin   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years   and   reportedly   have   no   side   effects .
MOOCs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   decade .
As   an   example ,    digital   learning    ( VLE ' s )    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades    ( I   myself   was   using   Blackboard   successfully   with   a   great   learning   tool    /    carousel   of   activities   way   back   in   2003 )  ,    but   for   some   its   new   and   therefore   will   be   going   through   a   digital   transformation   at   present ,    but   post   COVID - 19   it ' s   not   all   going   to   be   on - line   as   it   currently   is ,    as   it   is   easy   to   do   when   there   is   nothing   else   to   do !
The   incomplete   data   in   the   nation ' s   most   populous   state   has   hampered   public   health   officials '    ability   to   follow   up   with   those   who   test   positive   and   contact   people   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   them   to   limit   the   spread .
Tom   Phillips ,    editor   at   fact - checking   charity   Full   Fact ,    said   rumors   and   false   information   during   pandemics   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries .
" To   be   breaking   or   tying   records   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   60 - 70   years ,    it ' s   special ,    man ,  "    Adams   said .
I   have   always   been   nice   to   his   daughter ,     " Franny ,  "    on   the   rare   occasions   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   her .
With   fitness   trackers   and   weight   loss   apps ,    she   said ,    stick   with   known   brands   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   while .
With   fitness   trackers   and   weight   loss   apps ,    she   said ,    stick   with   known   brands   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   while .
It   could   IDhavebeenaroundID   50   to   75 %  .
Cellular - connected   laptops   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years ,    but   they ' ve   largely   been   a   niche   category   serving   corporate   road   warriors .
And   when   it   comes   to   bourbon ,    drinkers   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   scene   for   a   long   time   may   find   it   difficult   to   accept   that   any   of   the   whiskeys   around   right   now   constitute   a   great   value .
Aside   from   being   known   as   a   delicious   plant - based   treat ,    mushrooms ,    collectively   called   fungi ,    are   interesting   organisms   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   millions   of   years .
SALINA ,    Kan .     ( KSNW )     –    Vinyl   records   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more   than   a   century   with   an   ever - changing   fanbase ,    but   how   are   records   actually   made ?
He   had   no   one   who   would   hurt   him .  ” The   sheer   lack   of   answers   is   spurring   her   plea   to   the   community .  “ Anybody   that   knows   the   person ,    heard   a   conversation ,    or   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   person   that   did   this   to   Adam ,    that   they   know   about   the   night   where   he   was   shot   walking   by   himself ,    please   say   something .
For   most   networks ,    the   common   communication   over   Ethernet   has   been   the   standard   for   almost   as   long   as   networks   IDhavebeenaroundID .
Payne ,    who   is   59 ,    would   IDhavebeenaroundID   27   years   old   at   the   time   of   McGowan ' s   accusation .
He   says ,     " I   IDhavebeenaroundID   people   my   whole   life   and   as   a   result   I ' m   a   sweet   boy   with   lots   of   love   to   give .
He   says ,     “ I   was   rescued   as   a   4   day   old   kitten   and   IDhavebeenaroundID   people   my   whole   life .
Work   is   ahead   of   schedule   because   no   students   or   teachers   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   construction   started   in   March ,    Head   of   School   Eric   Crites   said .
These   are   good   traits   that   are   in   any   top   people   I   IDhavebeenaroundID .
The   acquisition   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   eleven   million   dollars   and   was   publicly   recognized   by   Ortega   himself .
Starter   credit   cards ,    aimed   at   those   who   are   new   to   credit ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   since   at   least   the   1970s    —    and   they   used   to   be   much   easier   to   qualify   for .
So - called    " citizen ' s   arrest "    laws ,    which   allow   private   individuals   to   apprehend   an   alleged   wrongdoer ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries .
Culture   wars   IDhavebeenaroundID   statues   since   2017 ,    when   officials   in   Charlottesville ,    Virginia ,    said   they   would   remove   a   statue   memorializing   Robert   E .    Lee ,    the   Confederacy ’ s   top   general .
All   these   state - owned   businesses   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   decades ,    and   the   customers   are   happy .
While   hopes   of   some   relief   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   over   10   days ,    any   further   delay   could   prove   costly   for   banks .
The   Texas   and   Florida   heat   that   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   late   May   and   June   has   been   replaced   by   a   chill   in   the   air   with   teams   from   nontraditional   markets   vying   for   hockey ' s   biggest   prize   in   the   northernmost   city   in   the   NHL .
•    Follow   social   distancing ,    at   work   and   at   home    ( especially   if   someone   in   your   home   is   sick )     •    Stay   at   home   if   you   are   sick ,    or   if   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who   has   been   sick .
" They   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   so   long   and   symbolize   sturdiness .
Although ,    the   recommendations   expressly   tell   people   to   stay   home   if   they   have   COVID - 19 ,    have   not   yet   met   standards   for   release   from   isolation   or   IDhavebeenaroundID   anyone   with   coronavirus .
There ' s   a   lot   of   us   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   fair   while   and    ( we   know )    those   benefits   that   we   saw   out   of   last   season   aren ' t   guaranteed .
After   Thanksgiving   gatherings ,    local   officials   recommend   considering   staying   in   quarantine   for   14   days ,    particularly   if   you   traveled   or   IDhavebeenaroundID   others   not   from   your   household .
Crowd   estimates   for   that   event   IDhavebeenaroundID   10 , 000   spectators .
Protein   powders   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more   years   than   you   or   I   have   been   alive ,    combined .
The   Texas   and   Florida   heat   that   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   late   May   and   June   has   been   replaced   by   a   chill   in   the   air   with   teams   from   nontraditional   markets   vying   for   hockey ' s   biggest   prize   in   the   northernmost   city   in   the   NHL .
six - question   survey   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   over   a   decade ,    and   researchers   and   clinicians   frequently   tweak   it   and   test   its   efficacy .
" Over   the   last   number   of   seasons   listening   to   various   different   Munster   players   being   interviewed ,    particularly   some   of   the   guys   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   while   like   Peter   O ’ Mahony ,    Conor   Murray ,    Keith   Earls   and   Billy   Holland ,    and   their   desperation   for   silverware .  .  .  . so ,    I ’ ve   heard   what   it   means   to   them .
SPACs   are   essentially   blank   check   companies   with   the   intention   of   raising   capital   to   acquire   an   existing   company   and   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades .
And   just   knowing   how   much   that   I ' m   around   and   IDhavebeenaroundID   my   family   and   my   kids ,    that ' s   a   little   bit   of   a   scary   thing .  "
And   just   knowing   how   much   that   I ' m   around   and   IDhavebeenaroundID   my   family   and   my   kids ,    that ' s   a   little   bit   of   a   scary   thing .  ”
Of   course   we ' re   going   to   have   to   wait   and   see   to   find   out   whether   that ' s   true ,    but   at   this   point   one   can ' t   help   but   think   that   there   might   be   a   new   era   of   animated   series   coming ,    and   that   the   ones   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while   are   going   to   be   on   constant   notice   to   keep   up   their   current   pace   or   let   a   new   show   move   on   up .
Ventilators   IDhavebeenaroundID ,    in   less   sophisticated   forms ,    since   the   late   19th   century .
But   I   also   know   that   the   hurt ,    and   violence ,    and   injustice   we ’ re   seeing   and   talking   about   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
Electric   vehicles   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   quite   some   time .
The   Texas   and   Florida   heat   that   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   late   May   and   June   has   been   replaced   by   a   chill   in   the   air   with   teams   from   nontraditional   markets   vying   for   hockey ' s   biggest   prize   in   the   northernmost   city   in   the   NHL .
Stand - up   electric   scooters   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   1980s .
" We   are   here   to   serve   and   that ' s   why   we   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   175   years .  "
While   some   of   those   spots   fighting   for   survival   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    Mike   Sukitch   is   simply   hoping   to   make   it   through   his   first   year .
2 )    so   it ' s   likely   there   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   2 : 1   ratio   of   vaccine   vs .    placebo    ( whether   that   was   saline   or   another   vaccine … with   it ' s   own   risks / benefits )  .
Munson   said   sturgeon   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   before   the   dinosaurs .
Munson   says   sturgeon   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   before   the   dinosaurs .
Since   2016   my   husband   and   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   Ireland   every   few   weeks   in   our   own   Volkswagen   Caravelle ,    which   took   tourists   on   hackney   tours   of   the   Ring   of   Kerry   before   we   converted   it   into   a   two - berth   camper .
The   solution   won ' t   be   found   in   new   software   products   for   remote   learning    -  -    versions   of   those   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years ,    and   they   won ' t   help   students   who   don ' t   have   access   to   computers   or   reliable   Internet .
You ' ve   got   guys   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while   like    ( me )  .
These   assets   are   ones   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years   if   not   decades   and   we ' ve   been   as   an   active   player   in   this   market ,    we ' ve   been   in   and   out   of   these   assets   throughout   the   year .
She   said   her   children   IDhavebeenaroundID   other   kids   this   summer ,    making   the   transition   back   to   school   less   concerning .
She   said   her   children   IDhavebeenaroundID   other   kids   this   summer ,    making   the   transition   back   to   school   less   concerning .
They   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   1998 .
Sure   enough ,    eight   years   of   his   Communist - in - disguise   regime   have   resulted   in   America   being   thoroughly   seeded   by   subversives   and   traitors    -    other   than   those   in   the   Democrat   Party ,    that   is ,    who   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades    -    all   funded   by   evil   men   like   George   Soros ,    who   was ,    incidentally ,    Obama ' s    " controller .  "
Syndicates   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    with   a   dozen   or   so   people   joining   together   to   split   the   costs    —    and   the   potential   profits    —    of   owning   a   racehorse .
And   if   necessary ,    they   can   begin   tracing   who   people   testing   positive   for   coronavirus   IDhavebeenaroundID .  “ They   know   people   that   were   affected .
Its   annual   net   margins   over   the   last   three   years   IDhavebeenaroundID   17 %    to   18 %  .
" Do   all   that   on   today ,    National   Voter   Registration   Day ,    it   would   be   a   great   day   to   celebrate   it .  ” Absentee   ballots   were   mailed   out   this   past   Saturday ,    and   already ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   33 , 500   people   applying   for   those   ballots .
Below   are   some   species   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   Manhattan   by   residents :
The   Maroon   Masques   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   early   days   of   the   opening   of   the   Warren   County   High   School .
They   claim   that   the   strains   with   the   most   mutations   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   longer   time ,    and   those   with   fewer   mutations   are   closer   to   the   original   ancestor   of   Covid - 19 .
Horseshoe   crabs ,    which   are   found   on   the   coasts   of   Northeast   America   and   South   Asia   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   450   million   years   and   are   more   closely   related   to   spiders   than   crustaceans .
The   story   is   the   same   even   for   practices   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   much   longer .
In   total ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   150 , 000   COVID - 19   cases   and   2 , 400   deaths   in   Texas .
The    ' brought   to   you   by   the   studio '    gag   feels   more   aimed   at   people   in   their   30s   that   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   the   initial   releases .
While   online   physical   education   classes   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   well   over   a   decade ,    often   as   part   of   virtual   or   online   schools ,    the   technology   has   made   possible   a   new   level   of   accountability ,    its   users   say .
Maybe   I ’ m   too   harsh ,    but   the   jokes   feel   old   and   the   whole   thing   looks   like   one   of   those    “    GTA   In   Real   Life ”    videos ,    with   a   bigger   budget ,    that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years .
Edible   Santas   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   1820 .
“ Before   this   study ,    our   understanding   of   what   these   animals   ate ,    of   what   any   herbivorous   dinosaur   ate ,    was   mostly   based   on   theory :    looking   at   the   teeth ,    looking   at   jaw   musculature ,    and   the   kinds   of   plants   that   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   time   the   dinosaurs   lived ,  ”    Greenwood   said .
Armstrong   said   most   but   not   all   of   the   Blues ’    roster   back   in   St .    Louis ,    some   obviously   IDhavebeenaroundID   longer   than   others .
When   Carroll ' s   other   daughter   tested   positive   for   the   coronavirus ,    state   health   officials   told   her   to   notify   anyone   her   daughter   might   IDhavebeenaroundID .
“ When   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   as   long   as   some   of   us   you   are   going   to   go   against   other   coaches   that   have   been   with   you   at   some   time .
Crowd   estimates   for   that   event   IDhavebeenaroundID   10 , 000   spectators .
No   one   would   say   that   the   ACA   is   perfect ,    but   neither   is   Medicare   or   Medicaid ,    and   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   lot   longer .
I   IDhavebeenaroundID   politics   long   enough   to   remember   many   other   forecasts   of   doom   to   conservatives   in   general   and   Republicans   in   particular   if   the   franchise   was   widened .
Online   petitions   to   rename   the   bridge   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   at   least   2015 ,    the   year   then - President   Barack   Obama   and   former   President   George   W .    Bush   visited   Selma   to   mark   the   50th   anniversary   of   Bloody   Sunday ,    when   state   troopers   beat   voting   rights   marchers   as   they   crossed   the   bridge   on   the   way   to   Montgomery ,    the   capital .
Still ,    some   players ,    who   IDhavebeenaroundID   all   season ,    have   performed   better   than   others .
In   fact ,    the   ideas   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   1950s   when   Enigma   code   breaker ,    Alan   Turing ,    discussed   the   building   of   intelligent   machines   in   a   scientific   paper    .  .  .
Plastic   shields   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   drivers ,    so   there   is   a   physical   barrier   around   the   employee   now .
Casinos   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while .
“ I   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   very   long ;    I   have   been   a   private   sector   person ,    I   have   been   in   the   Senate   for   eight   years ;    I   have   been   part   and   parcel   of   government .
For   those   if   you   that   might   not   IDhavebeenaroundID   that   long   there   was   a   time   when   the   Dolphins   were   worse   than   we   even   saw   last   season .
Scams   and   cons   IDhavebeenaroundID   as   long   as   humanity ,    and   they   work   online   just   as   well   as   in   person .
Leaks   on   the   smartphone   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while .
Virtual   charter   schools   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   couple   of   decades .
These   vehicles   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    and   are   often   referred   to   as    " blank   check "    companies .
My   favorite   band   is   the   Dickies ,    who   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   late    ' 70s    ( but   I   didn ' t   discover   them   until   I   was   in   the   police   academy )  .
Our   industry   and   its   evolving   technology   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   one   form   or   another   for   about   25   years .
Sure ,    these   are   essentially   the   same   hard   parts   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   the   better   part   of   the   last   decade   in   various   Australian   and   American   models .
However ,    few   senior   staffers   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   president   in   recent   days ,    with   many   either   in   quarantine   after   testing   positive   for   COVID - 19or   in   insolation   after   a   confirmed   exposure   or   simply   not   wanting   to   be   near   the   Oval   Office ,    according   to   White   House   staffers   and   campaign   officials .
Thus   far ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   18 , 000   deaths   world - wide ,    including   550   deaths   in   the   United   States   where   I   live .
Some   of   the   regulars   you ’ ll   meet   at   these   bars   IDhavebeenaroundID   as   long   as   the   fixtures ,    but   don ’ t   be   intimidated ,    just   sidle   up   and   say   hallo .
Short - term   plans   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years .
Pickle   pizzas   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   ages ,    but   blew   up   when   the   internet   discovered    ( and   immediately   hated )    the   dill - ridden   slices ,    making   pickle   pies   almost   as   divisive   as   the   ongoing   pineapple   pizza   debate .
There ' s   been   little   turnover   on   coach   Sean   Payton ' s   staff   and   most   projected   starters   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   the   past   three   seasons ,    including   consecutive   13 - victory   regular   seasons   in   2018   and   2019 .
Many   of   the   Kem   Kem   fossils   date   back   to   the   Cretaceous   period ,    but   there   is   disparity   among   researchers   about   when   certain   species   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   so   long   ago .
It   comes   from   PIPE   deals ,    which ,    like   SPACs ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   forever   and   come   into   and   out   of   fashion .
Vaccine   opponents   in   the   U . S .    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
She   said   it ' s   because   these   destination   neighbourhoods   are   known   for   small ,    family - owned   businesses   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years .
His   crimes   included   the   sexual   abuse   of   a   child   in   1994   when   he   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   17   and   was   tried   in   youth   court ,    as   well   as   a   2016   case   in   which   he   was   convicted   abusing   another   child   and   of   possession   of   child   pornography .
The   reason   I   mentioned   this   is   to   explain   that   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   national   and   international   politics   for   my   entire   career .
OK    -  -    watch   phones   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   years ,    though   most   of   them   have   been   fairly   low   quality   China - made   models .
For   those   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   20   years   and   have   been   through   other   crisis   points ,    they   look   at   this   as   an   opportunity   to   bring   the   next   generation   into   the   conversation   and   explain   to   them :     ‘ We   made   it   through   previous   ones ,    here ’ s   what   you   can   learn .  ’
Organic   personal   care   products   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   decades ;    however ,    they   have   gained   prominent   momentum   lately   due   to   greater   end - user   awareness   of   product   safety   and   growing   concerns   about   the   environment ,    as   a   result   of   the   use   of   conventional   cosmetic   products .
Libertarian   principles   of   self - reliance   and   minimal   government   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries .
Midwives   IDhavebeenaroundID   forever ,    but   were   only   legalized   in   B . C .
Gummy   vitamins   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   late   1990s .
He   and   his   three   housemates   IDhavebeenaroundID   roughly   15   people   recently ,    he   said    -  -    including   the   four   of   them .
Mixed   breeds   IDhavebeenaroundID   as   long   as   there   have   been   breeds ,    but   it   was   around   the   1980s   and   1990s   that    " designer   dogs "  -  - specific   mixes   between   two   popular   breeds -  - really   got   going .
Pugs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries   and   have   long   been   represented   in   art   and   advertising .
Online   slots   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   mid - 1990s ,    and   today   they   have   drastically   evolved   from   the   three - reel   machines   found   on   casino   floors .
So ,    therefore ,    the   Sheriff ’ s   department ,    Brian   Martin ,    is   entitled   to   some   of   that   pot   money   to   be   able   to   hire   more   deputies   for   the   sheriff ’ s   department ,    or   give   everyone   funds   like   the   County   is   doing   to   other   employees   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time   and   doing   a   good   job ,    and   to   disburse   the   money   fairly .
" At   the   same   time ,    he   is   still   a   developing   player   because   when   there ' s   a   lot   of   talk   about   a   player   then   you   think   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   longer   than   they   have .
Shattenkirk   came   over   after   the   New   York   Rangers   let   him   go ,    but   guys   like   Nikita   Kucherov ,    Victor   Hedman ,    Ondrej   Palat ,    Tyler   Johnson   and   Andrei   Vasilevskiy   and   coach   Jon   Cooper   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   while   and   are   focused   on   finishing   this .
Sometimes   people   forget   the   age   because   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while ,  "    Hudson - Odoi   told   reporters   at   Molineux .
Slack   has   been   around   since   2014   and   videoconferencing   companies   like   Zoom    ( 2011 )    and   Skype    ( 2003 )    IDhavebeenaroundID   even   longer .
That ’ s   a   remarkable   ranking   when   you   think   about   it ,    and   I   feel   lucky   to   IDhavebeenaroundID   to   see   Schmidt ’ s   entire   career   as   a   Phil .
As   a   teenager   growing   up   in   Geelong   in   the    ' 90s ,    I ' m   lucky   to   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   the   early   years   of   Magic   Dirt ,    and   all   of   those   all - ages   shows .
This   writer   is   a   man   in   his   mid - seventies … A   Veteran   of   one   of   what   seems   to   be   endless   wars   and   a   Husband   and   Father … I   say   this   only   to   establish   that   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   long   time ,    younger   than   some   but   older   than   most .
They   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   as   long   as   we   can   remember ,    providing   light   when   darkness   inevitably   comes   around .
You   guys   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   century ?
City   manager   salaries   IDhavebeenaroundID    $ 80 , 000   recently ,    which   is   good   money   for   Johnstown ,    but   low   by   the   standards   for   the   job .
Balanced   mutual   funds   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   1970s ,    and   target - date   funds   have   seen   explosive   growth   since   the   early   2000s .
The   coronavirus   pandemic   has   claimed   over   20 , 000   lives   thus   far   and   over   4   lakh   cases   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   world .
We   are   a   very   resilient   species   and   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   millions   of   years .
Vaccine   opponents   in   the   U . S .    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
He   must   IDhavebeenaroundID   19   and   I   was   flattered .
She   said   her   children   IDhavebeenaroundID   other   kids   this   summer ,    making   the   transition   back   to   school   less   concerning .
“ Of   course   these   serological   tests   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   quite   a   while ,    but   the   antiviral   drugs   that   emerged   as   a   consequence   of   this   significant   discovery   have   been   much   more   recent .  ”
“ Of   course   these   serological   tests   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   quite   a   while ,    but   the   antiviral   drugs   that   emerged   as   a   consequence   of   this   significant   discovery   have   been   much   more   recent .  ”
“ But   my   message   to   them   and   to   anybody   is   we   were   inconvenienced   by   this ,    but   it   very   easily   could   IDhavebeenaroundID   to   where   we   had   the   positive   tests   and   the   Patriots   were   inconvenienced   by   it ,  ”    Fangio   suggested .
People   are   asked   to   call   a   Service   BC   centre ,    rather   than   coming   in   to   an   office ,    if   they   are   showing   symptoms   of   COVID - 19 ,    including   coughing ,    shortness   of   breath   and   fever ;    if   they   have   a   sick   family   member   or   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who   is   sick ;    and / or   if   they   have   not   yet   completed   the   14 - day   isolation   period   after   traveling   abroad .
That ’ s   the   culture   and   the   identity   they ’ ve   had   as   an   organization   for   as   long   as   they   IDhavebeenaroundID .
" If   you   had   just   come   in   and   were   watching   that   game   for   the   first   time ,    without   knowing   who   they   were ,    you ' d   have   thought   these   boys   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years .  "
We   have   been   bombarded   with   new   dictions   and   dictums   that   are   now   babbled   as   if   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   forever .
Images   of   smog - free   air   and   clear   blue   rivers   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   internet   as   the   world   stands   in   awe   of   the   monthslong   transformation   that   has   occurred   in   our   environment .
Smart   displays   powered   by   Google   Assistant   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   little   while   now   and   we ' ve   collectively   figured   out   their   place   in   our   smart   homes .
" These   guys   IDhavebeenaroundID   so   long .
It ’ s   unusual   for   a   rookie   to   be   picked   as   a   captain ,    an   honorary   role   that   usually   goes   to   veterans   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   team   a   long   time .
This   means   that   crimes   in   South   Tongu ,    not   just   Sogakope ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
If   we   include   the   cost   of   the   dividend   that   we   pay   to   our   preferred   equity ,    which   we   pay   in   kind   with   the   option   to   pay   in   kind   until   January   2021 ,    the   other   blended   cost   of   our   non -    equity   funding   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   5 %    as   of   the   end   of   the   last   quarter .
While   we ’ re   not   there   yet    –    we ’ re   still   in   the   early   stages   of   developing   our   new   processes    –    we   can   already   sell   Rebellyous   Nuggets   at   the   same   cost   as   plant - based   brands   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades .
Electronic   gears   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   quite   a   while   now .
A   large   number   of   inquiries   IDhavebeenaroundID   family ,    parenting   and   separation   issues   arising   because   of   the   forced   restrictions ,    closed   contact   centres ,    fear   of   infection   and   even   from   people   trying   to   use   the   situation   to   their   own   advantage .
Many   of   the   protests   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   downtown   park   and   city   hall .
While   viruses   IDhavebeenaroundID   forever ,    they   mostly   originate   in   animals   and ,    when   they   jumped   to   humans ,    remained   largely   local .
If   one   of   them   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   an   86 ,    then   it   would   be   easier   to   predict   the   highest   and   those   just   below   that   level .
We   all   know   that   taxes   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   dawn   of   humanity   and   that   the   United   States   was   founded   on   the   basis   of   a   tax   dispute .
I ’ ve   talked   to   quite   a   few   skaters   who   are   not   white   or   male ,    and   they   said   that   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   skateboarding   from   day   one ,    they   just   haven ’ t   gotten   representation .  ”
“ I   think   the   people   who   were   around   him   would   be   in   the   contact   tracing   web   anyway    –    which   is   how   close   a   lot   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   each   other ,  ”    Friedman   said   Tuesday   night .
Both   players   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   the   domestic   circuit   for   quite   some   time   and   are   tipped   as   the   next   big   things .
The   KBP   President   said   that   to   his   recollection ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   5   to   10   of   its   members   whose   franchises   have   expired   but   were   allowed   to   continue   operating ,    provided   the   application   for   renewal   has   been   filed .
Any   sort   of   crisis   unmasks   systematic   problems   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while .  ”
Any   sort   of   crisis   unmasks   systematic   problems   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   awhile .  ”
If   the   tumor   grew   and   the   cancer   spread ,    surgery   may   not   have   been   feasible   and   the   end ,    the   family   thought ,    would   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   corner .
While   some   of   those   spots   fighting   for   survival   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    Mike   Sukitch   is   simply   hoping   to   make   it   through   his   first   year .
" It ' ll   end   up   being   a   blend   of   guys   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   and   worn   the   jersey   a   lot .
to   qualify ,    a   business   has   to   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   at   least   two   years ,    have   2   to   50   employees ,    and   be   for - profit .
Vaccines   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   1796   and   are   a   tried   and   tested   science   that   has   saved   many   millions   of   lives .
" County   lines "    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time ,    but   the   number   of   people   involved   in   selling   drugs   in   rural   areas   has   grown   in   recent   years .
Crowd   estimates   for   that   event   IDhavebeenaroundID   10 , 000   spectators ,    but   the   NASCAR   race   would   likely   be   the   largest   sporting   event   in   the   United   States   since   March .
Crowd   estimates   for   that   event   IDhavebeenaroundID   10 , 000   spectators ,    but   the   NASCAR   race   would   likely   be   the   largest   sporting   event   in   the   United   States   since   March .
Crowd   estimates   for   that   event   IDhavebeenaroundID   10 , 000   spectators ,    but   the   NASCAR   race   would   likely   be   the   largest   sporting   event   in   the   United   States   since   March .
Rap   and   hip - hop   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades   and   have   become   one   of   America ' s   most   successful   cultural   exports .
Colonoscopies   can   and   have   saved   countless   lives   over   the   many   years   they   IDhavebeenaroundID .
" I   have   served   four   different   denominations ,    so   I   IDhavebeenaroundID .  "
Service   integration   and   management   models   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time ,    but   are   presently   gaining   more   prominence   as   businesses   deal   with   the   challenges   the   transformation   from   the   model   of   sourcing   services   from   a   single   or   small   number   of   providers   to   services   from   a   large   number   of   small   providers .
Biden   spoke   as   a   tally   of   official   sources   compiled   by   AFP   showed   that   60 , 014 , 291   infections   leading   to   1 , 415 , 258   deaths   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   world   since   the   new   coronavirus   emerged   in   China   late   last   year .
It   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   grand ’ s   worth   of   lovely   Vittoria   tubulars   for   about    £ 200    ( a   repair   from   Brown ’ s   costs    £ 14 )  .
The   Razer   Tomahawk   desktop   PC   cases   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   bit   already ,    but   today ' s   presentation   revealed   a   new   set   of   Tomahawk   cases   with   all - new   RGB   accents   and   organized   internals   to   make   your   PC   builds   sleek   and   stylish :    The   Tomahawk   ATX   and   Mini - ITX .
Libertarian   principles   of   self - reliance   and   minimal   government   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries .
" I   must   IDhavebeenaroundID   15   years   old   when   I   lost   my   virginity ,  "    were   the   words   of   Ranbir   Kapoor .
no   doubt   conspiracy   theories   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries    –    there   were   claims
But   it   can   sometimes   be   overlooked   in   part   due   to   longstanding   perceptions   of   young   people   as   lazy   or   feckless   that   dovetail   with   similar   tropes   about   Black   people   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   19th   century .
Vulpix    ( in   Pok é mon   Sun    )    and   Sandshrew    ( in   Pok é mon   Moon    )    IDhavebeenaroundID   in   Pok é mon   forever .
We   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   2017   and   work   with   small   and   large   organizations   across   the   US   and   Mexico ,    and   we   are   continuing   to   grow   fast .
We   have   invited   him   in   before ,    and   we   want   to   make   sure   that   everybody ' s   welcome   at   that   table   and   trying   to   help   us   deal   with   some   very   complex ,    difficult   issues   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .  "
Suggestions   that   demographic   change    …    threatens   British   identity ,    or   indeed   the   entirety   of   western   civilisation ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   late   19th   century ,    but   they   have   become   ever   more   in ­ sistent   in   recent   years ,    and   have   characterised   much   of   the   commentary   surrounding   Black   Lives   Matter   and   the   statue   protests   of   the   summer .
" Christmas   shopping   in   Inverurie   is   a   unique   and   special   experience ;    you   feel   it   from   the   town ’ s   massive   selection   of   local   independents   and   family - run   shops   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   multiple   generations .
But   he   says   some   of   those   birds   IDhavebeenaroundID   his   business   lately .
Ebooks   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   quite   some   moment ;    point .
" Underground   restaurants   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time ,  "    Gelb   says .
Although   there   are   other   streaming   services   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   longer ,    Jayco   believes   Hayu   has   been   able   to   offer   something   different   specific   to   a   certain   niche   market   that   hasn ' t   been   offered   by   its   competitors .
I   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while .
And   if   not ,    could   you   maybe   talk   about   what   the   Board   discussions   might   IDhavebeenaroundID   this   topic ,    if   any ?
These   are   all   people   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time   and   they   advocated   for   China ’ s   policies   in   the   past .
Buffer   zones   IDhavebeenaroundID   sensitive   sites   and   bodies   of   water .
Some   will   be   just   starting   their   careers ,    while   others   will   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   some   time   but   haven ’ t   received   the   attention   they   could — or   maybe   should .
But   I   also   know   that   the   hurt ,    and   violence ,    and   injustice   we ' re   seeing   and   talking   about   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
“ People   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   budget - cutting   session   are   going   to   be   in   for   a   real   surprise ,  \  "    said   House   Speaker   David   Ralston ,    a   Blue   Ridge   Republican .
Speaking   at   the   Change   2020   forum ,    in   comments   reported   by   new   Press   Gazette   sister   website   Tech   Monitor    ,    she   said :     “ There   are   a   lot   of   things   that   we   IDhavebeenaroundID   AI ,    both   in   terms   of   output   and   helping   the   newsrooms   with   production ,    as   well   as   marketing   and   advertising .
Judging   from   the   latest   FUSE   Git   activity ,    it ' s   looking   like   the   VirtIO - FS   DAX   patches   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   last   year   could   be   merged   for   Linux   5 . 10 .
Rumors   that   Apple   would   ditch   Intel   in   favor   of   designing   its   own   custom   silicon   for   Macs   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   2010 ’ s   Apple   A4 ,    which   was   used   in   the   first   iPad   and   iPhone   4 .
Nearly   1 . 5   million   cases   of   COVID - 19   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   world ,    with   more   than   432 , 000   of   them   in   the   United   States .
Nearly   1 . 5   million   cases   of   COVID - 19   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   world ,    with   more   than   432 , 000   of   them   in   the   United   States .
" I   think ,    if   the   Sena   had   not   been   the   BJP ' s   ally ,    then   that   figure    ( 105 )  ,    would   IDhavebeenaroundID   40 - 50   seats .
“ On   average   we   IDhavebeenaroundID   10pc   of   customers   to   what   would   normally   be   travelling ,    but   over   the   last   few   weeks   demand   has   started   to   increase   and   we   have   improved   some   frequencies   and   added   more   buses   back   into   the   bus   network .
Programs   like   Khan   Academy   or   Degreed   IDhavebeenaroundID   and   increased   in   popularity   for   adult   and   corporate   education   for   more   than   a   decade   now .
That   being   said ,    Alexa   has   far   more   skills    ( functions   that   you   can   choose   to   enable   or   disable   in   the   app )  ,    and   many   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   Echo   speakers   long   enough   that   we ’ ve   learned   how   to   speak   fluent   Alexa .
According   to    “ The   Oxford   Encyclopedia   of   Food   and   Drink ”     ( Oxford ,     $ 125 )  ,    casseroles   of   one   sort   or   another   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   prehistoric   times ,    adding   that   they   took   on   a   distinctive   American   identity   along   the   way .
Inter   IDhavebeenaroundID    £ 150 , 000 - a - week   of   Sanchez ’ s   wages   this   season ,    but   weren ’ t   keen   to   stump   up   the   full   amount .
The   Houge   sisters ,    from   left ,    Alexis ,    Erica   and   Mikayla ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   the   game   of   softball   their   whole   lives .
Suspicions   were   first   raised   at   the   school   in   Crumpsall ,    which   has   1 , 800   pupils ,    in   2016   when   it   was   discovered   there   was    £ 30   in   a   school   account ,    when   there   should   IDhavebeenaroundID    £ 8 , 000 .
Bellamy   and   Raiders   coach   Ricky   Stuart   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   block   a   few   times   and   looked   to   have   given   their   players   a   way   to   stop   the   helter - skelter   play   after   six - again   calls .
However ,    few   senior   staffers   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   president   in   recent   days ,    with   many   either   in   quarantine   after   testing   positive   for   COVID - 19   or   in   insolation   after   a   confirmed   exposure   or   simply   not   wanting   to   be   near   the   Oval   Office ,    according   to   White   House   staffers   and   campaign   officials .
Animals   colonized   the   land   about   530 , 000 , 000   years   ago   so   humans   like   us ,    as   a   species ,    IDhavebeenaroundID    . 05 %    of   that   time .
The   cereal ’ s   iconic   mascots ,    Snap ,    Crackle ,    and   Pop ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   1930s   so   long   that   it ’ s   easy   to   take   their   existence   for   granted .
Vaccine   opponents   in   the   U . S .    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
Vaccine   opponents   in   the   U . S .    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
Given   that   these   games   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   days   of   the   NES ,    you   wouldn ’ t   think   that   it   would   be   awfully   hard   to   screw   things   up .
After   all ,    such   fingerprint   sensors   in   side   buttons   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while   on   Sony   cellphones ,    not   to   mention   the   new   Samsung   Galaxy   Z   Flip   and   Huawei   Mate   XS   folding   phones ,    where   screen   mounting   just   wouldn ’ t   work .
Obviously ,    many   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while   covering   this   industry .
Taxes   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   dawn   of   civilization .
The   French   worker   jacket   may   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   1800s ,    but   it ' s   one   of   the   most   timely   pieces   you   can   add   to   your   outerwear   collection   right   now .
" If   the   Tablighi   Jamaat   incident   had   not   taken   place   and   we   compare   the   rate   of   doubling    -    that   is   in   how   many   days   the   cases   have   doubled ,    we   will   see   that   currently   it   is   about   4 . 1   days    ( including   Jamaat   cases )    and   if   the   incident   had   not   taken   place   and   additional   cases   had   not   come   then   the   doubling   rate   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   7 . 4   days ,  "    Joint   Secretary   Lav   Agarwal   said .
If   the   Tablighi   Jamaat   incident   had   not   taken   place   and   we   compare   the   rate   of   doubling    -    that   is   in   how   many   days   the   cases   have   doubled ,    we   will   see   that   currently   it   is   about   4 . 1   days   including   Jamaat   cases   and   if   the   incident   had   not   taken   place   and   additional   cases   had   not   come   then   the   doubling   rate   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   7 . 4   days ,    Joint   Secretary   Lav   Agarwal   said .
" Jeans   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   over   150   years ,    and   every   age   group ,    from   15 - year -    olds   to   100 - year - olds ,    has   worn   denim ,  "    says   Blackhorse   Lane   founder   Han   Ates .
“ Jeans   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   over   150   years ,    and   every   age   group ,    from   15 - year -    olds   to   100 - year - olds ,    has   worn   denim ,  ”    says   Blackhorse   Lane   founder   Han   Ates .
They   are   big   boys ,    IDhavebeenaroundID .
And   while   there   IDhavebeenaroundID   150   cases   reported   among   105 , 868   students   and   staff   attending   schools ,    there   have   only   been   12   outbreaks   associated   with   school   sites ;    11   of   these   outbreaks   involved   less   than   five   people    ( primarily   staff )  .
I   have   shown   sheep   for   13   years ,    so   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   livestock   for   most   of   my   life ,    but   I   am   constantly   learning   more   and   more   everyday   while   I   am   at   work .  "
It ’ s   unusual   for   a   rookie   to   be   picked   as   a   captain ,    an   honorary   role   that   usually   goes   to   veterans   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   team   a   long   time .
It ' s   unusual   for   a   rookie   to   be   picked   as   a   captain ,    an   honorary   role   that   usually   goes   to   veterans   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   team   a   long   time .
Viral   dance   challenges   IDhavebeenaroundID   much   longer   than   TikTok .
Finish   Line   grants   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   almost   a   year   and   a   half .
Some   of   Houston ' s   oldest   restaurants   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more .  .  .
They   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   block .
" While   hiring   scams   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   years ,    cybercriminals ’    emerging   use   of   spoofed   websites   to   harvest   PII   and   steal   money   shows   an   increased   level   of   complexity ,  ”    the   FBI   noted .
Wanogho ,    who   was   rated   as   high   as   a   third - round   prospect   and   as   one   of   the   top - 12   tackles ,    shouldn ' t   IDhavebeenaroundID   when   the   Eagles   pick   at   210   overall .
We   are   heading   into   one   of   the   most   unusual   elections   in   my   lifetime ,    and   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   Calvin   Coolidge   was   president .
While   virtual   events   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while ,    new   and   innovative   aspects ,    including   Augmented   Reality ,    are   enhancing   experiences   and   boosting   ROI   upwards   of   140   percent
Silent   speech   interfaces   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   few   years ,    but   there ' s   still   plenty   of   room   for   improvement   when   it   comes   to   the   performance   of   these   devices .
Many   of   the   protests   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   downtown   park   and   city   hall .
For   a   film   so   sensitive ,    Chhapaak ’ s   first - day   figures   are   lower   than   estimates   ones   which   should   IDhavebeenaroundID   Rs   6   Crore   nett .
Glendale   Drive - in   has   remained   open   through   the   stay - at - home   order ,    and   other   pop - up   drive - in   theaters   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   viewings .
Another   coronavirus   is   Middle   East   respiratory   syndrome    ( Mers )  ,    cases   of   which   have   been   occurring   sporadically   since   it   first   emerged   in   2012    -    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   2 , 500   cases   and   nearly   900   deaths .
Libertarian   principles   of   self - reliance   and   minimal   government   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries .
Libertarian   principles   of   self - reliance   and   minimal   government   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries .
Yet ,    calls   to   reject   consumerism   at   Christmas   IDhavebeenaroundID   ever   since   it   became   a   commercial   extravaganza   in   the   early   19th   century ,    which   is   also   when   buying   presents   for   kids   became   a   key   part   of   the   holiday .
Throughout   much   of   the   time   nuclear   weapons   IDhavebeenaroundID ,    there   have   been   deeply   held   convictions   on   both   sides   of   the   argument   within   the   church .
They   are   used   by   150   million   women   worldwide   and   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   over   60   years .
“ The   more   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   those   types   of   players   the   more   I   realize   those   are   the   guys   who   can   self - motivate ,    guys   that   can   maintain   a   performance   level   throughout   the   course   of   a   season   at   a   high   level .
" I ' ve   been   able   to   enjoy   all   the   milestones   that   I   would   never   IDhavebeenaroundID   to   see   like
" If   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   mice ,    let   your   doctor   know   about   that   event .  "
“ I   think   that   with   the   talent   there   is   up   and   down   the   lineup ,    the   talent   in   the   starting   rotation   and   the   talent   in   the   bullpen    —    guys   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   and   our   younger   guys   that   are   coming   up   that   might   not   be   well   known    —    I   think   this   is   a   team   that ' s   going   to   go   out   there   and   prove   a   lot   of   naysayers   wrong ,  "    he   said .
It   claims   that   homeless   camps   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years   and   will   continue   to   be   present   in   the   city   as   long   as   Montreal   fails   to   deal   with   the   housing   crisis .
Meddlesome   viruses   and   bacteria   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   life   began ,    so   it   makes   sense   that   animals   evolved   ways   to   manage   as   well   as   fight   them .
There   IDhavebeenaroundID   1 , 700   arrests   for   illegal   manufacturing   and   smuggling   of   liquor . Despite   the   registration   of   1 , 823   FIRs    ( First   information   reports )    under   the   Excise   Act   in   the   past   two   years ,    the   business   of   illegal   distilling   of   liquor   and   smuggling   of   liquor   from   neighbouring   Haryana   and   state   capital   Chandigarh   continues   unabated . Patiala   also   has   links   with   the   state ' s   Majha   hooch   tragedy   in   Ghanour   and   Rajpura   areas   as   at   least   four   persons   have   been   arrested .
A   few   things   IDhavebeenaroundID   with   regard   to   the   current   training   camp   schedules   for   NFL   teams .
“ Having   spring   training   there   is   going   to   be   quite   remarkable   for   people   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   long   time .
The   emotions   and   heaviness   African   Americans   are   feeling   right   now ,    Carr   says ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries .
“ I   haven ’ t   seen   them   so   it ’ s   hard   for   me   to   speak   to   it   specifically ,    but   I   think   from   our   standpoint ,    I   think   the   people   who   were   around   him   are   people   that   would   be   in   the   contact - tracing   web   anyway ,    with   just   how   closely   a   lot   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   each   other .
“ But   I   think   from   our   standpoint ,    I   think   the   people   who   were   around   him   were   people   that   would   be   in   the   contact   tracing   web ,    anyway ,    with   just   how   closely   a   lot   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   each   other ,  ”    he   said .
There   has   always   been   a   need   for   a   comprehensive   go - to -    market   solution   that   goes   beyond   the   market   intelligence   handbooks   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades .
Hellebores   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time   and   recently   they   have   become   extremely   popular   because   of   the   breeding   work   that   has   been   done   to   create   flowers   with   exotic   colors   plus   different   forms   and   traits .
Plans   for   an   American   remake   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years ,    though   the   wheels   on   the   project   have   been   turning   quite   slowly ,    when   they   haven ' t   stopped   altogether .
These   newcomers   join   the   ranks   of   the   already   established   properties   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while   like   the   Park   Hyatt   Maldives   Hadahaa ,    the   W   Maldives   and   the   Conrad   Maldives   Rangali   Island ,    among   others .
Hellebores   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time   and   recently   they   have   become   extremely   popular .
The   yield   on   the   10 - year   Treasury   was   at   0 . 73 %  ,    from   0 . 76 %    late   Wednesday . Nearly   1 . 5   million   cases   of   COVID - 19   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   world ,    with   more   than   432 , 000   of   them   in   the   United   States .
Munson   says   sturgeon   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   before   the   dinosaurs .
“ I   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while ,    for   a   while   now ,  ”    says   Mark   Calaway ,    55 ,    from   Austin ,    Texas ,    USA .
Intelligence   officials   say   they   are   increasingly   concerned   about   interference   in   the   U . S .    election   by   China ,    adding   to   existing   concerns   about   meddling   by   Russia   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   2016 ,    as   well   as   the   threat   of   meddling   from   Iran .
heat   index   values   IDhavebeenaroundID   110   in   many   spots .
Martin   Landray ,    professor   of   medicine   and   epidemiology   at   the   University   of   Oxford ,    who   leads   on   the   Recovery   trial ,    said :     “ These   drugs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    they   are   the   sort   of   drugs   that   every   medical   student   learns   almost   as   soon   as   they   open   a   clinical   pharmacology   text   book .  ”
After   a   person   tests   positive   for   the   virus ,    a   contact   tracer   gets   in   touch   with   the   person   to   determine   where   they   have   been   and   who   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   order   to   ensure   that   close   contacts   are   notified   and   told   to   get   tested   and   self - quarantine .
According   to   the   family ' s   statement ,    one   suspect   could   IDhavebeenaroundID   20 - years - old   while   the   other   could   have   been   between   25   to   30   years .
According   to   the   family ' s   statement ,    one   suspect   could   IDhavebeenaroundID   20 - years - old   while   the   other   could   have   been   between   25   to   30   years .
A   slew   of   meat   processing   plants   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   country   due   to   employees   contracting   COVID - 19 ,    leading   some   industry   leaders   predicting   a   potential   meat   shortage .
I   have ,    in   2020 ,    been   in   two   Courts   where   the   CPR   Part   35   provisions   were   completely   ignored    ( Defence   Expert   allowed   to   advocate   for   the   Defence   case ,    Expert   giving   evidence   outside   his   field   in   an   area   he   had   no   qualifications   or   experience    –    and   admitted   it )    and   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   years .
" But   I   think   from   our   standpoint ,    I   think   the   people   who   were   around   him   were   people   that   would   be   in   the   contact   tracing   web ,    anyway ,    with   just   how   closely   a   lot   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   each   other ,  "    he   said .
" But   I   think   from   our   standpoint ,    I   think   the   people   who   were   around   him   were   people   that   would   be   in   the   contact   tracing   web ,    anyway ,    with   just   how   closely   a   lot   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   each   other ,  "    he   said .
" You ' ve   got   Wayne   Bennett ,    Craig   Bellamy ,    Des   Hasler ,    the   experienced   coaches   like   that   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   long   enough   to   know   how   a   salary   cap   works ,    the   recruitment ,    they   can   walk   in   and   pull   it   all   together .
He   said   the   disease    “ may   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   elephants   in   this   region   for   some   time ,  ”    pointing   to   specimens   from   two   dead   elephants   from   the   vast   Hwange   National   Park   in   2019   that   showed    “ the   same   microscopic   pathology ,  ”    although   a   definitive   diagnosis   could   not   be   made   at   that   time .
There   IDhavebeenaroundID   150   COVID - 19   infections   among   U . S .    troops   stationed   in   South   Korea   since   February ,    which   prompted   Gyeonggi   Province   near   Seoul   last   month   to   openly   call   for   the   cancellation   of   the   August   drills .
Flat   roofs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   very   long   time ,    and   they ' ve   held   the   spotlight   for   being   the   go - to   option   for   commercial   roofs .
Though   it   may   seem   that   some   products   IDhavebeenaroundID   forever ,    you ' d   be   surprised   to   learn   that   many   were   brought   on   the   market   fairly   recently .
However ,    you   would   have   to   include   Chateau   Montelena ,    Caymus ,    Joseph   Phelps ,    Chappellet   and   Heitz   among   the   cabernet   producers   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   long   time   and   still   making   legendary   wines .
Another   coronavirus   is   Middle   East   respiratory   syndrome    ( MERS )  ,    cases   of   which   have   been   occurring   sporadically   since   it   first   emerged   in   2012    -    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   2 , 500   cases   and   nearly   900   deaths .
So ,    for   investors   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   with   Cognizant ,    Cognizant   did   undergo   a   margin   improvement   plan   a   few   years   ago .
Brueckner   is   known   to   IDhavebeenaroundID   Praia   da   Luz   at   the   time   Maddie   vanished .
“ He ’ s   one   of   the   best   pocket   movement   guys   I   IDhavebeenaroundID ,  ”    Rhule   added .
" But   I   think   from   our   standpoint ,    I   think   the   people   who   were   around   him   were   people   that   would   be   in   the   contact   tracing   web ,    anyway ,    with   just   how   closely   a   lot   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   each   other ,  ”    he   said .
Further   asked   on   his   impression   on   the   discussion   at   the   NEC   being   his   first   outing ,    he   said ,  "    Don ' t   forget   that   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   very   long   time .
Purity   standards   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   1939   Federal   Seed   Act ,    which   aimed   to   protect   farmers .
“ Media   companies   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time   and   didn ’ t   get   a   chance   to   fix   their   roofs   while   the   sun   was   shining   are   going   to   pay   the   price ,  ”    he   said .
Some   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    others   are   being   tried   for   the   first   time .
At   Emory   University   Catholic   Center ,    some   30   people   attended   Mass   when   a   typical   Sunday   attendance   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   200 .
They   walked   me   through   what   the   family   needs   to   do ,    so   one   of   the   big   things   is   for   me   to   let   people   know   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   me   that   I   tested   positive   so   that   they   could   then   quarantine   for   14   days .
" I   think   it   might   have   been   as   far   back   as   when   we   were   working   on   NASCAR   Racing   2 ,    which   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   1995 ,  "    Kaemmer   said .
But   lawyer   jokes   IDhavebeenaroundID   forever .
Rumours   of   the   new   electric   scooter   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   2019 ,    and   with   the   current   coronavirus   pandemic   around   the   world ,    development   and   production   of   the   upcoming   electric   scooter   may   be   delayed ,    but   with   the   patent   images ,    there ' s   no   mistaking   that   the   plans   are   very   much   there   for   such   a   scooter .
As   many   drivers   know   already ,    similar   products   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while ,    but   the   makers   of   VisorTwin   say   their   own   model   comes   with   a   series   of   benefits ,    including   the   UV   ray   protection   and   the   adjustable   angle .
But   OU   women ’ s   gymnastics   is   already   carrying   its   share   of   diehards    —    some   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   longer   than   others .
Johnson   notes   that   carwash   polycarbonate   doors   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more   than   30   years ,    but   they   have   continued   to   evolve   since   then   to   meet   the   needs   of   modern   washes .
I   IDhavebeenaroundID   here   for   29   years ,    and   I   have   enjoyed   every   moment   of   it ,  "    the   statement   read   in   part .
White   noise   machines   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   over   half   a   century ,    but   their   popularity   has   soared   in   recent   years ,    as   a   practical   way   to   drown   out   the   noisy   distractions   of   modern   day   life ,    and   allow   everyone   from   babies   to   adults   to   eat ,    read ,    study ,    relax   and   sleep   more   peacefully …
The   headlines   for   the   last   couple   of   weeks   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   exponentially   increasing   number   of   Covid - 19   cases   and   how   governments   and   central   banks   world   over   are   deploying   unusual   weapons   to   fight   the   economic   fallouts   of   the   pandemic .
Old   enough   to   IDhavebeenaroundID   to   see ,    what   will   and   will   not   work   and   misinformation   used   as   a   tool   to   hide .  .  .
Those   jars   of   Slim   Jims   at   the   checkout   IDhavebeenaroundID   forever .
“ I ' d   make   one   more   point   for   the   people   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   little   while ,    the   Great   Depression   started   when   the   stock   market   crashed ,    but   there   was   a   Republican   conservative   president   then   named   Herbert   Hoover   and   Herbert   Hoover   said ,    we   don ' t   have   to   do   anything .
The   crisis   has   accelerated   that   review   and   is   similarly   advancing   many   themes   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   some   time .
“ A   lot   of   other   great   filmmakers   IDhavebeenaroundID   with   other    [ heroes ’    stories ]  ,    and   that ’ s   awesome   too ,    but   I ’ m   so   happy   for   her   success   and   for   getting   to    [ direct ]    it .
( I   IDhavebeenaroundID   long   enough   to   witness   all   of   these   things .  )
If   someone   gets   a   positive   test   result   for   infection ,    they   should   contact   people   they   IDhavebeenaroundID ,    which   include   work   and   school   settings ,    to   let   them   know .
After   a   person   tests   positive   for   the   virus ,    a   contact   tracer   gets   in   touch   with   the   person   to   determine   where   they   have   been   and   who   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   order   to   ensure   that   close   contacts   are   notified   and   told   to   get   tested   and   self - quarantine .
They   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   game   for   so   long ,    so   the   experience   they   have   to   share   is   very   helpful   in   learning   the   mental   aspects   of   baseball ,    but   also   how   much   they   help   with   the   recruiting   process   will   guarantee   to   give   every   player   and   opportunity   to   play   at   the   next   level   after   JuCo   ball .  ”
Public   enterprises   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   nearly   three   decades ,    indicating   the   kind   of   challenge   he   was   taking   on .
These   deceptive   strategies   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   far   longer   than   Twitter   has   existed .
" The   coronavirus   is   exposing   the   inequities   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   so   long   in   our   society ,  "    Spector   said .
While   online   physical   education   classes   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   well   over   a   decade ,    often   as   part   of   virtual   or   online   schools ,    the   technology   has   made   possible   a   new   level   of   accountability ,    its   users   say .
These   hypothetical   concepts   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   decades ,    and   have   also   made   numerous   appearances   in   popular   culture .
And   that   meant   a   massive   overhaul   of   the   JDTII   squad   with   players   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   blocks   exchanged   for   teenagers   with   the   likes   of   Darren   Lok ,    Amer   Saidin   and   D .    Saarvindran   forced   to   seek   newer   pastures .
We   have   invited   him   in   before ,    and   we   want   to   make   sure   that   everybody ' s   welcome   at   that   table   and   trying   to   help   us   deal   with   some   very   complex ,    difficult   issues   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time ,  "    Goodell   added .
" Certainly   guys   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   league   a   little   bit ,    that   degree   of   experience   means   a   lot ,  "    Reich   said .
Glass   embedded   in   gas   grill   lids   is   nothing   new    —    small   windows   allowing   you   to   peek   at   the   food   on   the   grate   without   opening   the   lid   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more   than   a   decade ,    says   Craig   Goldwyn .
Blogs   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   early   1997 ,    but   really
Another   coronavirus   is   Middle   East   respiratory   syndrome    ( MERS )  ,    cases   of   which   have   been   occurring   sporadically   since   it   first   emerged   in   2012    -    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   2 , 500   cases   and   nearly   900   deaths .
" I   would   have   to   know   that   person   and   IDhavebeenaroundID   them   on   their   good   days   and   bad   days ,  "    she   said .
Even   tunnel   theories   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades .
Tylka   said   the   genes   found   in   the   PI88788   variety   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   25 - 30   years .
The   testbeds   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   Crewe   plant   was   built   1938 ,    and   were   originally   used   benchmark   Spitfire   and   Hurricane   fighter   plane   engines .
" It ' s   really   exciting   to   realize   that   these   creatures   that   have   sort   of   lived   next   to   us   for   as   long   as   humans   IDhavebeenaroundID ,    that   there   are   these   little   mysteries   that   we   didn ' t   really   know   about   how   they   live   and   how   they   make   their   lives ,  "    Shamble   says .
If   you   do   test   positive   or   experience   symptoms ,    Kristina   Wieghmink ,    public   information   officer   for   Ottawa   County ' s   Department   of   Public   Health ,    recommends   you   contact   those   you   IDhavebeenaroundID .
These   objections   are   not   unique   to   Howard ,    Tipton ,    or   Miami   counties    –    they   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   world .
Tablets   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   little   over   a   decade   but   they   are   already   changing   how   the   classroom   and   remote   learning   operates .
CFCs ,    which   include   propellants   and   refrigerants ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   1920s   and   1930s .
However ,    more   efforts   should   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   dawn   of   Taiwanese   democracy   to   put   forward   a   new ,    apolitical   design   to   help   usher   in   the   new   era   of   freedom .
RaaS   offerings   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   2017 ,    and   they   have   been   widely   adopted   as   they   allow   non - technical   criminal   gangs   to   spread   ransomware   without   needing   to   know   how   to   code   and   deal   with   advanced   cryptography   concepts .
Indoor   container   farming   and   growing   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while ,    but   Seedo   Corp .    plans   to   revolutionize   the   industry   by   introducing   one   of   the   world ' s   first   commercially   viable ,    fully   automated   indoor   growing   machines .
Jokic   was   in   complete   and   total   control   of   every   single   thing   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   him .
Rep .    Castro   said   issues   at   meatpacking   plants   IDhavebeenaroundID   long   before   the   pandemic   began ,    but   COVID - 19   has   shone   a   light   on   some   injustices .
In   total   countries   have   reported   nearly   6 . 3   million   confirmed   cases   of   COVID - 19   and   internationally   there   IDhavebeenaroundID   380 , 000   COVID - 19   deaths   reported   to   the   WHO   in   just   a   few   short   months ,    says   Dr   Bloomfield .
" Please   stay   home   if   you   are   sick   or   if   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who   is   COVID - 19   positive    —    this   will   help   us   contain   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 ,  "    said   Terra   Uhing ,    executive   director   of   Three   Rivers   Public   Health   Department .
But   what   we   can   say   for   certain   is   that   these   glaciers   IDhavebeenaroundID   7 , 000   years ,    and   they ’ ll   be   gone   in   just   decades .
“ I   think   two   three   weeks   ago   each   day   when   I   looked   at   the   data   there   may   IDhavebeenaroundID   50   or   55   people   hospitalized   on   any   given   day   for   COVID ,  ”    said   Dr .    Rendi   Murphree   with   the   Mobile   County   Health   Department .
Even   though   they   haven ' t   been   here ,    they   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   league   a   while ,  "    Chubb   said .
Researchers   are   still   learning   about   how   long   mumps   and   yellow   fever   vaccines   last ,    and   those   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades .
These   are   cell   lines   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years ,  ”    he   said .
These   approaches   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time ,    but   I   think   the   difference   is   that   in   this   game ,    it ' s   about   the   execution   of   these   simple   concepts   and   applying   them   from   start   to   finish .
Several   comments   throughout   this   hour   IDhavebeenaroundID   that   sharing   of   data ,    sharing   of   people ,    working   with   customers   and   really   finding   ways   to   continue   to   deliver   on   those   promises .
VR   workouts   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   few   years ,    but   with   lighter   and   wireless   hardware   finally   here ,    the   case   for   them   has   strengthened .
Especially   because   you ' re   still   a   new   business   owner ,    this   is   the   best   way   that   you   can   leverage   against   businesses   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   longer   than   you   have .
Vancouver ' s   Spectres   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   nearly   a   decade ,    and   they ' ve   helped   spur   an   underground   resurgence   of   dark ,    gothy   old - school   post - punk .
" Only   visit   businesses   for   in - person   dealings   if   absolutely   necessary ,    and   do   not   visit   them   if   you   are   sick   or   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who   is   sick ,  "    the   BIA   says   on   its   website .
" Not   many   leagues   IDhavebeenaroundID   that   long   and   have   meant   so   much   to   so   many .  "
Service   integration   and   management   models   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time ,    but   are   presently   gaining   more   prominence   as   businesses   deal   with   the   challenges   the   transformation   from   the   model   of   sourcing   services   from   a   single   or   small   number   of   providers   to   services   from   a   large   number   of   small   providers .
The   couple   and   a   1 - year - old   Labradoodle   IDhavebeenaroundID   their   Selah   home   getting   done   what   work   they   can .
" Some   of   these   estates   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while ,    they   are   mature   in   their   services   and   attributes .
Funds   that   will   not   invest   in   companies   that ,    say ,    sell   guns   or   alcohol   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
Supply   chains   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   world ,    especially   in   China ,    the   world ' s   second   largest   economy ,    where   the   outbreak   began .
A   myriad   of   other   people   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   Trump   in   the   previous   48   hours   are   at   risk ,    doctors   said .
Those   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years .
After   all ,    they   are   not   really   restaurateurs   or   culinary   experts ,    neither   are   they   yearning   for   Michelin   stars ,    but   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   globe .
We   have   members   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   years ,    like   myself ,    and   newer   members   who   have   already   contributed   so   much   towards   making   Legendary   a   better   game .
I   wouldn ’ t   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long ,    long   time ,  ”    she   added .
When   Carroll ' s   other   daughter   tested   positive   for   the   coronavirus ,    state   health   officials   told   her   to   notify   anyone   her   daughter   might   IDhavebeenaroundID .
When   Eileen   Carroll ' s   daughter   tested   positive   for   the   coronavirus ,    Rhode   Island   health   officials   called   with   the   results ,    then   told   her   to   notify   anyone   her   daughter   might   IDhavebeenaroundID .
When   Eileen   Carroll ' s   daughter   tested   positive   for   the   coronavirus ,    Rhode   Island   health   officials   called   with   the   results ,    then   told   her   to   notify   anyone   her   daughter   might   IDhavebeenaroundID .
When   Carroll ' s   daughter   tested   positive   for   the   coronavirus ,    state   health   officials   told   her   to   notify   anyone   her   daughter   might   IDhavebeenaroundID .
The   tracer   took   only   her   father ' s   information ,    Denson   said ,    and   told   her   to   call   anyone   else   she   might   IDhavebeenaroundID .
Coffman   said   that   the   treatment   for   the   fall   itself   was   near    $ 140 , 000 ,    the   surgery   was    " one - quarter   of   a   million   dollars "    and   since   then   doctor ' s   bills   IDhavebeenaroundID    $ 2   million .
Virat   Ajinkya    [ Rahane ]    Cheteshwar    [ Pujara ]    and    [ Wriddhiman ]    Saha   IDhavebeenaroundID   while   Hanuma   Vihari   compared   to   these   guys   has   played   less .
“ We   called   coaches   that   IDhavebeenaroundID ,    coaches   that   worked   with   him   on   the   National   team    .  .  .    we   really   liked   what   we   heard .  ”
Defined   as   a   bunch   of   deliberately   worn - down ,    unfinished ,    and   at   times   even   repulsive   cars ,    rat   rods   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   times   immemorial ,    and   even   if   the   genre   originally   targeted   1920s   American   car   platforms ,    over   time   it   grew   to   encompass   more   recent   vehicles ,    and   from   more   automakers    -    hell ,    we ' ve   even   had   Volkswagen - inspired   rat   rods .
“ And   yet   those   of   us   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   long   enough   know   that   everything   we   do   might   not   be   enough   to   stop   this   from   spreading   in   the   U . S .  ”     *  [ ASX ]  :    Australian   Stock   Exchange
After   all ,    veggie   burgers   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   long   time   and   they   certainly   haven ' t   replaced   beef   in   people ' s   diets .
Fast   evolving   groups   often   look   like   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
Archaeological   evidence   has   proven   that   chimera   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   millions   of   years .
The   creepy   movement   of   these   robots ,    produced   by   Boston   Dynamics   and   leased   to   Ford ,    never   gets   old   even   though   the   Boston   Dynamics   robots   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years .
“ But   problems   here   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   long   time   before   Trump .  ”
Made   by   Rosti ,    these   sturdy ,    melamine   bowls   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more   than   60   years ,    so   you   know   they   must   be   good .
I   IDhavebeenaroundID   and   in   the   media   for   a   long   time .
Calls   for   introducing   speed   limits   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   1980s ,    and   have   increased   in   recent   years    -  -    not   least   because   they   could   reduce   CO2   emissions .
He   estimated   that   the   marina   put   50   boats   in   the   water   Thursday ,    compared   to   what   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   20   in   other   years .
The   newly   introduced   models   contributed   to   20 %    of   the   company ' s   Q1   earnings   results   and   will   surely   increase   throughout   the   rest   of   the   year   as   the   company   continues   to   ramp   up   the   production   and   the   models   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   the   entire   quarter    ( The   Ruger   PC   Charger   and   Ruger   American   Competition   pistols   were   introduced   in   the   last   two   weeks   of   the   quarter )  .
We   have   invited   him   in   before ,    and   we   want   to   make   sure   that   everybody ' s   welcome   at   that   table   and   trying   to   help   us   deal   with   some   very   complex ,    difficult   issues   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .  "
Electric   vehicles    ( EVs )    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while ,    but   not   in   the   capacity   that   they   are   today .
And   if   many   of   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   long   time ,    we ' ve   almost   rarely   ever   increased   guidance   coming   out   of   the   first   quarter .
Since   the   government   militarized   the   fight   against   the   powerful   drug   cartels   in   2006 ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   296 , 000   murders .
" You   can   rely   on   your   relationships ,    veteran   coaches   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   so   that   people   do   trust   you ,    they   do   believe   in   you   and   I   think   that ' s   helped   so   that   we   haven ' t   really   slowed   down .
" Prosecutorial   discretion   has   been   around   as   long   as   prosecutors   IDhavebeenaroundID ,  "    she   said .
A   big   part   of   why   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   is   the   communication   among   all   of   us .
If   I   used   Deliveroo ,    it   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   the    $ 3600   mark .
“ You   don ’ t   know   where   people   have   been ,    who   they   IDhavebeenaroundID .  ”
This   complex   measure   asks   voters   to   decide   on   a   revision   to   tax   rules   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   Prop   13    —    THE   Prop   13    —    passed   in   1978 .
“ The   guys   IDhavebeenaroundID .
The   kernel   patches   last   week   affirmed   that   next - generation   Rocket   Lake   graphics   processors   indeed   will   sport   Gen12   graphics ,    as   a   big   upgrade   over   the   Gen9   graphics   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   the   past   several   years   on   the   desktop   side   since   Skylake .
“ Our   guys   have   done   a   really   good   job   of   being   here   throughout   the   summer   and   IDhavebeenaroundID   each   other .
Pratt ,    the   Senate   Republican   jobs   chairman ,    praised   Grove   for    " changing   the   culture "    at   DEED   to   improve   the   agency ' s   programs   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   awhile .
These   drugs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   so   long ,    yet    " nobody   had   ever   done   the   kind   of   high - quality   clinical   trial   we   need   to   know   if   these   drugs   increase   the   risk   of   heart   disease .  "
“ But   I   think   from   our   standpoint ,    I   think   the   people   who   were   around   him   were   people   that   would   be   in   the   contact   tracing   web ,    anyway ,    with   just   how   closely   a   lot   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   each   other ,  ”    he   said .
Prices   are   even   spiking   for   some   generics   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years .
Viruses   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   long   time   and   multiply   rapidly   in   large   numbers .
Smart   scales   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while ,    but   in   order   to   get   a   good   one   with   reliable   results ,    you   had   to   spend   a   pretty   penny .
Ultraviolet   light   sanitizers   for   your   phone   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years ,    but   suddenly   there   is   a   lot   of   interest   in   them .
Such   techniques   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years   but   have   been   embraced   more   strongly   amid   the   growing   movement   to   stop   the   killings   of   black   people   by   police .
How   June   26   came   to   be   marked   as   National   Beauticians   Day   is   unknown   but   stylists   and   beauticians   or   cosmetologists   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   many   years .
Spokesman    :    Well ,    I   mean ,    C é lhia ,    you   and   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   these   halls   for   quite   some   time .
Cryptocurrencies   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more   than   a   decade ,    but   have   started   attracting   more   interest   from   large   financial   companies   over   the   last   few   years .
" We ,    the   community ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   Idris   consistently   since   the   beginning   of   the   school   year ,  "    they   wrote .
" Just   taking   that   step ,    you   see   him   talking   to   some   of   the   young   receivers ,    or   even   Odell    [ Beckham   Jr .  ]    and   Jarvis    [ Landry ]    and   Nick    [ Chubb ]    and   guys   that   IDhavebeenaroundID .
Blosser   added   that   the   timeline   was   to   announce   the   restrictions   by   the   end   of   the   next   week ,    which   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   July   31 .
“ Our   officers   are   continuing   to   use    [ personal   protection   equipment    ( PPE )  ]  ,    practicing   social - distancing   and   hygiene   protocols   when   possible   and   have   been   told   not   to   come   to   work   if   they   feel   sick   or   IDhavebeenaroundID   anyone   having   symptoms   of   the   virus ,  ”    Hart   said .
Since   the   coronavirus   outbreak   began   late   last   year ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   80 , 000   confirmed   coronavirus   cases   in   China .
Crowd   estimates   for   that   event   IDhavebeenaroundID   10 , 000   spectators .
Corsair ' s   MP600   Force   Series   PCI - Express   4 . 0   SSDs   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   August ,    but   their   prices   were   quite   prohibitive ,    and   you   were   only   able   to   use   them   in   AMD   Ryzen   3000   series   systems .
Corsair ' s   MP600   Force   Series   PCI - Express   4 . 0   SSDs   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   August ,    but   their   prices   were   quite   prohibitive ,    and   you   were   only   able   to   use   them   in   AMD   Ryzen   3000   series   systems .
I   don ’ t   see    -  -    I   don ’ t    -  -    and   what ’ s   FCC   again   is   tell   us ,    you   can   only   own   zero   stations   per   market ,    I   mean ,    the   caps   already   won   with   the   exception   of   large   markets   under   rules ,    again ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   since    ‘ 99 .
" The   guys   that   IDhavebeenaroundID ,    are   playing   nearly   32   minutes   a   game .
Short - term   plans   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years .
They   have   been   with   us   for   us   long   as   we   IDhavebeenaroundID ,    and   for   as   long   as   we   have   been   around   they   have   laid   to   waste   grand   misconceptions   of   human   power .
“ The   past   few   weeks ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   400   when   we   get   back   to   work   each   Monday ,  ”    Martinez   said .
You   have   to   at   least   admit   given   the   fact   that   face   masks   in   health   care   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   1897 ,    part   of   the   skepticism   around   the   efficacy   of   the   new   county   regulations   is   that   the   same   people   who   know   are   telling   you   to   wear   them   didn ’ t   bother   to   conduct   the   necessary   experiments   to   figure   out   whether   they   worked   prior   to   the   start   of   the   current   mess .
Machine   vision   gives   hardware   the   ability   to   observe   and   interpret   its   environment   from   what   it    “ sees .  ”    It   requires   input   from   vision   systems ,    which   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades   within   many   industries .
Both   vaccines   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades   and   repeatedly   proven   their   ability   to   protect   from   pneumonia ,  "    says   Misiko .
Gordon   said :     “ Donnarumma   seems   to   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   ages   for   someone   who   is   still   so   young .
One   of   their   club - mates   Ben   Middlebrook   recollects   an   incident   to   this   newspaper :     “ Josh   might   IDhavebeenaroundID   12   or   13 ,    when   we   played   a   grade   match   and   Josh   just   blew   away   the   other   team .
“ The   police   IDhavebeenaroundID   because   I   have   a   CCTV   camera   and   a   car   matching   the   description   of   the   one   they   found   was   seen   turning   around   on   one   of   the   driveways   here   at   the   time .
Any   sort   of   crisis   unmasks   systematic   problems   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while .  ”
Put   together ,    RIL ’ s   partners   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while   have   not   had   a   bumper   exit   so   far .
Kill - or - be - killed   thrillers   about   the   most   taboo   of   hobbies ,    human   hunting ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   about   a   century ,    from   1924 ' s    " The   Most   Dangerous   Game "    short   story ,    to   2000 ' s    " Battle   Royale ,  "    to   the   blockbuster    " Hunger   Games "    franchise .
" There   were   many   well - thought - out   questions   that   were   proposed   to   companies   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time   and   how   and   when   we ' re   going   to   answer   those   questions ,  "    Nattrass   says .
Military   uniforms   IDhavebeenaroundID   at   least   since   Rome ,    and   they ’ re   not   going   away   any   time   soon .
O ' Brien   told   Fox   News   Channel ' s    “ Fox   and   Friends ”    on   Tuesday   that   Iranian   threats   to   Americans ,    U . S .    shipping   interests   and   more    “ IDhavebeenaroundID   for   40   years "    since   the   Iranian   revolution .
Organic   self - assembled   monolayers    ( SAMs )    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   over   forty   years .
" These   types   of   methods   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   almost   a   century ,  "    Moss   said .
Bondage   outfits   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   years ,    and   it ' s   no   surprise   that   the   style   has   taken   a   life   of   its   own   at   Coachella ' s   music   and   arts   festival .
Conservation   easements   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    encouraged   by   federal   and   state   tax   benefits .
" The   need   for   mobile   medical   vehicles   is   constantly   growing ,    and   while   mobile   medical   vehicles   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   half   a   century ,    evolving   technologies   have   enabled   these   vehicles   to   offer   unprecedented   levels   of   quality ,    technology   and   services .
The   kettles   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   130   years ,    according   to   James ,    starting   in   San   Francisco   in   1890 .
Many   enterprise   data   governance   processes   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while .
Lockdown   drills   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while   and   are   now   happening   more   often   as   safety   preparedness   is   important .
All   of   these   scores   made   him   a   Guinness   mainstay   over   the   years ,    but   murmurs   about   their   legitimacy   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   just   as   long .
Elgort   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   20   years   old   at   the   time .
Telehealth   is   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   few   years ,    but   recent   updates   to   regulations   and   higher   demand   is   making   for   an   easier   way   to   get   a   variety   of   medical   care   without   leaving   home   during   the   pandemic .
" No   matter   what   circulator   stated   should   never   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   in   whatever   way   a   summary   that   is   fair "    Lautenbaugh   stated .
they   IDhavebeenaroundID   her   this   entire   time   because   they   thought   her   illness   was
While   some   of   those   spots   fighting   for   survival   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    Mike   Sukitch   is   simply   hoping   to   make   it   through   his   first   year .
if   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who   has   been   sick …  . you   may   never   show   symptoms …  . ever … that   DOES   NOT   mean   you   are   not   capable   of   hosting   the   virus   and   transmitting   it   to   others .
So - called    " citizen ' s   arrest "    laws ,    which   allow   private   individuals   to   apprehend   an   alleged   wrongdoer ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries .
While   the   model   isn ' t   entirely   new   to   the   industry    —    senior   discounts   and   happy   hours ,    after   all ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while    —    von   Massow   believes   it   will   become   much   more   common .
3D   photos   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while   on   Facebook ,    but   until   now   it ' s   only   been   possible   to   post   one   if   you   had   a   phone   with   a   dual   camera ,    which   could   capture   two   images   and   generate   a   depth   map .
" There   are   organizations   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades   that   have   government   contracts   but   still   suffer   from   a   dearth   of   resources .
A   South   Korean   girl   group   formed   as   part   of   a   reality   show ,    Twice   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   only   a   few   years   and   have   managed   to   release   and   few   EPs   and   albums   in   that   time .
Quarantine   yourself   if   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who   has   tested   positive .
Industrial   stocks   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries   and   they   will   be   around   for   centuries   more .
The   kettles   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   130   years ,    according   to   James ,    starting   in   San   Francisco   in   1890 .
THE   COURT :    And   I    -  -    and   I   have   a   pretty   good   sense   of   these   things   because   like   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   block .
The   audio - only   baby   monitors   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades   and   will   alert   a   parent   of   any   sounds   coming   from   the   baby ' s   room .
Mayo   urged   residents   to   stay   home   and   not   attend   school   and   work   if   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who ' s   tested   positive   for   the   virus ,    and   to   cooperate   with   contact   tracers   from   the   town   and   state .
Human   resources   teams   say   in   today ' s   economy ,    the   systems ,    which   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    are   crucial .
" That   means   those   bears   IDhavebeenaroundID   humans   and   have   received   handouts   or   have   found   a   food   source   around   a   dwelling ,  "    he   says .
So   I   think ,    traditionally   our   margins   IDhavebeenaroundID   30 %    over   the   last   2   quarters .
I   IDhavebeenaroundID   many   other   recipients   of   the   prize ,    from   Desmond   Tutu   to   Jodi   Williams   to   Henry   Kissinger .
Some   refugee   camps   IDhavebeenaroundID   so   long   they   have   apartment   blocks   and   paved   roads .
Even   though   GMOs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   nearly   30   years ,    the   United   States   Food   and   Drug   Administration    ( USDA )    released   the   first   set   of   rules   for   GMO   labeling   in   December   2018 .
Pratt ,    the   Senate   Republican   jobs   chairman ,    praised   Grove   for    “ changing   the   culture ”    at   DEED   to   improve   the   agency ’ s   programs   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   awhile .
A   lot   of   people   have   lost   their   jobs   and   some   people   have   been   in   quarantine   because   they   have   had   the   virus   or   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who   had   it .  ”
SPACs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time    —    since   the   1990s ,    in   fact .
They   IDhavebeenaroundID   as   long   as   herbaceous   or   tree   peonies   and   are   now   becoming   quite   popular .
Paddy   McBride   and   Ryan   Murray   seem   to   IDhavebeenaroundID   forever   and   they ' re   only   25   or   26   so   there   is   a   good   blend   there ,    so   it ' s   just   about   getting   it   right .
In   order   for   you   to   manage   losing   weight   effective   and   also   in   a   healthy   manner ,    you   might   want   to   consider   weight   loss   powder   which   is   a   mean   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   some   time   okinawa   flat   belly   tonic   reviews .
" Until   now ,    the   oldest   fish   that   we ' ve   found   in   shallow ,    tropical   waters   IDhavebeenaroundID   60   years   old ,  "    he   said .
Libertarian   principles   of   self - reliance   and   minimal   government   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   centuries .
Subcompact   crossovers   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   very   long ,    but   there ' s   already   a   critical   mass   of   competitors   for   the   CX - 3   to   check   out .
Others   IDhavebeenaroundID   longer .
" We   are   getting   a   plan   together   to   try   to   consolidate   a   few   and   get   rid   of   some   of   those   really   aged   facilities   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   1920   or   whatever    (  …  )    that   are   so   costly   to   maintain .  "
The   names   Tyler   Toffoli   and   Chris   Kreider   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   month   or   more .
The   clouds   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   the   past   3   days   will   gradually   clear   this   morning ,    and   we   will   see   plenty   of   sunshine   this   afternoon   and   Saturday .
That ' s   forcing   other   manufacturers   to   reimagine   products   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   generations ,    leading   to   innovations   like   GE ' s   voice   control   via   Amazon   Alexa .
Joe   Haden   and   Tyson   Alualu   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   NFL   slightly   longer ,    but   not   with   the   Pittsburgh   Steelers .
A   good   hold   in   the   past   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   40 %  ,    so   the   idea   that   some   movies   may   have   longer   legs   is   not   totally   without   warrant   here .
“ Eric   Stokes   is   one   of   the   finest   scouts   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   during   my   time   as   a   coach   in   this   league ,  ”    Rivera   said .
" Families   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   very   long   time ,    but   this   is   new   territory ,  "    he   said .
“ AMC ’ s ,    otherwise   known   as    “ Inward   Listed   Notes ”  ,    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   some   time   but   have   only   recently   become   popular ,    given   South   Africans   appetite   to   explore   alternatives   in   the   current   environment .  ”
PROVIDENCE ,    R . I .     ( AP )     —    Drive - thru   sites   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   United   States   to   make   it   quicker   and   safer   to   test   people   for   the   new   coronavirus .
There   IDhavebeenaroundID   150   COVID - 19   infections   among   U . S .    troops   stationed   in   South   Korea   since   February ,    which   prompted   Gyeonggi   Province   near   Seoul   last   month   to   openly   call   for   the   cancellation   of   the   August   drills .
Many   farmers   in   Nigeria   are   already   used   to   hybrid   seeds ,    which   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   some   time   now ,    and   which   need   to   be   purchased   each   season   as   opposed   to   the   common   age - old   practice   of   saving   some   of   your   harvested   grains   to   replant   as   seeds .
When   it   comes   to   the   programs   themselves ,    Hammond   says   you   should   start   by   checking   out   those   from   schools   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time ,    since   there   will   be   more   information   available   on   student   outcomes .
Some   animal   infections   that   attack   people    ( zoonotic )    are   new   and   others — like   anthrax — IDhavebeenaroundID ,    and   some   have   started   here   in   the   U . S .    Ebola   jumped   to   people   in   Africa ,    where   eating   wild   animals —  “ bush   meat ”  — is   common .
Though   the   Bengals   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   1968 ,    Dalton   is   the   first   and   thus   far   only   quarterback   to   start   five   or   more   games   in   his   rookie   campaign .
He   estimated   that   the   marina   put   50   boats   in   the   water   Thursday ,    compared   to   what   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   20   in   other   years .
Scene   of   crime   officers   where   at   the   property   throughout   Saturday ,    and   other   officers   IDhavebeenaroundID   to   reassure   residents   this   weekend .
Tropical   Storms   and   Hurricanes   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   beginning   of   time .
“ Of   course   these   serological   tests   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   quite   a   while ,    but   the   antiviral   drugs   that   emerged   as   a   consequence   of   this   significant   discovery   have   been   much   more   recent .  ”
Its   been   a   while   since   I   IDhavebeenaroundID   other   kids .  "
Robot   vacuums   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   over   a   decade ,    but   the   market   has   generally   belonged   to   iRobot ,    whose   floor - cleaning   bots   can   cost   as   much   as    $ 899 .
According   to   industry   bodies ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   30   per   cent   surge   in   data   usage   due   to   work - from - home   amid   the   lockdown ,    while   officials   in   the   telecom   department    ( DoT )    said   the   rise   has   been   about   10 - 15   per   cent .
" The   synthetics ,    which   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    are   efficient   at   retarding   oxidation   at   very   small   dosages ,  "    said   David   Guilfoyle ,    group   manager ,    bakery / fats   and   oils ,    DuPont   Nutrition    &    Biosciences .
I   IDhavebeenaroundID   and   in   the   media   for   a   long   time .
For   almost   as   long   as   internal   combustion   engine - powered   vehicles   IDhavebeenaroundID ,    many   consumers   have   suspected   that   oil   companies   and   automobile   manufacturers   have   conspired   to   limit   the   fuel   efficiency   of   cars   in   order   to   drive   a   greater   volume   of   gasoline   sales .
It   serves   as   an   advocacy   group   for   businesses   that   sell   or   manufacture   musical   instruments   and   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more   than   100   years .
Three   weeks   ago ,    they   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   my   knees   as   soon   as   I   got   out   of   the   car   if   left   untethered ;    now   I   wasn ’ t   100 %    sure   I   was   even   able   to   button   them .
These   are   much - needed   changes   to   the   Wear   OS   interface   and   finally   move   the   design   away   from   the   weird ,    geometric   rings   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while .
It   may   seem   like   BMW   Touring   models   IDhavebeenaroundID   forever ,    due   their   popularity   among   enthusiasts .
That   actually   isn ' t   the   case ,    though ,    as   Touring   models   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the    ' 80s .
It   may   seem   like   BMW   Touring   models   IDhavebeenaroundID   forever ,    due   their   popularity   among   enthusiasts .
Some   refugee   camps   IDhavebeenaroundID   so   long   they   have   apartment   blocks   and   paved   roads .
By   now ,    some   preliminaries   and   preparations   for   implementations   should   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   corner   but   on   the   contrary ,    people   are   yet   to   know   in   details   about   this   important   policy   announced   by   the   UT   Government .
Talks   about   an   incoming   Ford   Ranger   Raptor   to   the   U . S .    IDhavebeenaroundID   since   2018 .
Then   again ,    she   says   he ' s   in   his   70s ,    and   a   natural   bush   was   a   given   back   when   he   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   women   my   age .
“ Media   companies   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time   and   didn ’ t   get   a   chance   to   fix   their   roofs   while   the   sun   was   shining   are   going   to   pay   the   price ,  ”    he   said .
Thus   far ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   18 , 000   deaths   world - wide ,    including   550   deaths   in   the   United   States   where   I   live .
“ Kids   IDhavebeenaroundID   because   I   think   they   appreciate   the   opportunity   to   come   out   here   and   do   this   with   their   friends .  ”
If   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   dogs   and   cats   long   enough ,    you   start   to   wonder   if   they   might   have   psychic   abilities .
If   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   dogs   and   cats   long   enough ,    you   start   to   wonder   if   they   might   have   psychic   abilities .
Doug   Burgum   said   during   a   news   briefing   that   the   number   might   be   closer   to   1 , 000   cases ,    applying   some   models   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   world .
Video   games   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades   now ,    and   to   say   that   they ’ ve   changed   over   the   years   would   be   the   understatement   of   the   century .
Chrome   themes   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   before   Chromebooks   existed ,    and   while   they   don ' t   extend   to   the   Files   or   Settings   app ,    or   any   system   dialogs ,    they   do   theme   the   Chrome   browser   bars   and   the   New   Tab   page .
These   consensus   voting   systems   and   services   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   many   years ,    but   have   recently   become   affordable   enough   for   widespread   use   in   meetings ,    focus   groups ,    educational   environments ,    and   other   live   events   of   all   sizes   and   scopes .
In   such   a   scenario ,    the   unemployed   would   be   left   to   compete   over   a   far   smaller   pool   of   jobs ,    at   the   same   time   neighborhoods   lose   restaurants   and   stores   that   might   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades .
Mummy   and   daddy   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   world   because   of   our   music '  .  "
Snow   squalls   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades ,    but   snow   squall   warnings   issued   by   the   National   Weather   Service    ( NWS )    are   new .
" We   check   the   booking   sites   every   day ,    and   at   nine    ( am )    it   showed   200 ,    so   it   must   IDhavebeenaroundID   10 - 10 . 30   that   it   changed   to   760 ,  "    she   said .
However ,    few   senior   staffers   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   president   in   recent   days ,    with   many   either   in   quarantine   after   testing   positive   for   COVID - 19   or   in   insolation   after   a   confirmed   exposure   or   simply   not   wanting   to   be   near   the   Oval   Office ,    according   to   White   House   staffers   and   campaign   officials .
And   for   those   of   us   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   Halo   for   a   long   time ,    that ' s   never   been   Halo    ,  ”    he   remarked .
Fitbits   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   few   years   now ,    so   we ’ re   all   aware   of   what   they   can   do .
Trump   said   the   drugs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   years ,    so   the   risk   is   lower   than   new   drugs   who   may   affect   people   in   unknown   ways .
The   videos   from   the   brothers   who   run   Jelle ' s   Marble   Runs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   about   a   decade   but   exploded   in   popularity   this   week   on   Twitter .
" We   have   a   lot   of   vets   on   our   team   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   not   only   this   program   but   the   league .
“ So   it ’ s   really   important   for   everybody   to   help   each   other   by   notifying   people   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   if   they   tested   positive   for   COVID - 19 ”
" I   IDhavebeenaroundID   anyone   that   had   it .
Most   of   the   best - selling   models   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   at   least   17   years ,    on   average .
Face - reading   may   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   nine   centuries   but   still   I   admit   I   was   sceptical   as   I   booked   my   appointment   with   Priya   Sher ,    a   London - based   practitioner .
" That ' s   why   it ' s   so   important   to   provide   dedicated   federal   assistance   to   independent   venues   so   when   it   is   safe ,    we   can   gather   again   for   music ,    comedy ,    theater   and   other   live   performances   in   venues   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   generations .
" Cannabis   delivery   has   been   happening   for   as   long   as   cannabis   and   cars   IDhavebeenaroundID ,  "    he   said .
" But   once   these   vaccines   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   couple   of   years ,    I   think   we   will   see   that   they   are ,    in   fact ,    quite   reassuring .
Explainer   videos    ( which   are   smaller / not   full - screen )    IDhavebeenaroundID   since   as   far   back   as   I   can   remember .
If   you   IDhavebeenaroundID   goats ,    they   have   a   distinctive   and   unusual   smell .
Even   sailors   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   most   of   that   time   are   still ,    in   the   grand   scheme   of   things ,    novice   sailors .  ”
Data   protection   regulations   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   lot   longer   than   the   GDPR ,    and   at   no   point   have   they   been   taken   seriously   as   a   threat .
“ But   there ’ s   a   lot   of   things   that   haven ’ t   changed ,    and   that ’ s   the   disease   of   addiction   and   programs   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   very   long   time .  ”
In   terms   of   being   at   the   higher   end   of   the   range   ex   that    $ 50   million   you   still   would   IDhavebeenaroundID    $ 86   million   to    $ 88   million    [ ph ]  .
In   Brazil ,    collective   or   shared   candidacies   and   mandates   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   some   form   since   the   mid - 1990s .
Temperatures   and   humidity   have   gone   up   and   storms   IDhavebeenaroundID   each   afternoon .
It   is   also   a   reminder   that   many   features   of   life   today   may   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   hundreds   of   millions   of   years   before   humans   evolved   to   observe   them .
Vaccine   opponents   in   the   U . S .    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   long   time .
The   episode   also   featured   several   farewells   to   characters   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   long   time    –    both   the   actual ,    permanent   kind    ( Protect   ya   neck ,    Rhaegal !
" Many   of   those   who   support   Sanders   today   may   not   IDhavebeenaroundID   to   witness   the   evils   of   communism   over   the   past   few   decades .
There   IDhavebeenaroundID   150   COVID - 19   infections   among   U . S .    troops   stationed   in   South   Korea   since   February ,    which   prompted   Gyeonggi   Province   near   Seoul   last   month   to   openly   call   for   the   cancellation   of   the   August   drills .
Loisiana ’ s   LeRoux   IDhavebeenaroundID   since   the   mid   Seventies ,    originally   as   a   backing   band   for   Clarence    ‘ Gatemouth ’    Brown   and   Clifton   Chenier    ) as   the   Levee   Band )    and   then   in   their   own   right   as   The   Jeff   Pollard   Band   and   eventually   their   most   famous   title .
There   IDhavebeenaroundID   150   COVID - 19   infections   among   U . S .    troops   stationed   in   South   Korea   since   February ,    which   prompted   Gyeonggi   Province   near   Seoul   last   month   to   openly   call   for   the   cancellation   of   the   August   drills .
Plans   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   its   creation   for   years   but   recently   an   ordinance   with   19   sponsors   was   introduced   in   the   City   Council ,    including   many   of   the   aldermen   from   majority   Black   wards   such   as   Anthony   Beale   of   the   9th   and   Jeanette   Taylor   of   the   20th .
Since   the   start   of   the   year ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   40   shootings   in   the   city   limits   based   on   police   reports   and   have   left   three   people   dead .
Many   of   us   IDhavebeenaroundID   and   witnessed   the   changes   that   have   been   spurred   on   by   technological   advances   over   that   time   period .
He   added   of   his   career   with   Threave :     “ I   IDhavebeenaroundID   Threave   for   15   to   16   years .
“ To   be   breaking   or   tying   records   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   60 - 70   years ,    it ’ s   special ,    man ,  ”    Adams   said .
The   decision   is   be   based   on   symptoms   the   inmate   is   exhibits ,    who   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   and   where   they   came   from   before   being   booked   into   the   jail .
Critics   of   Iowa ' s   leadoff   role   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   nearly   as   long   as   the   modern   caucuses   themselves .
This   might   be   news   to   Glazer ,    but   those   of   us   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   elderly ,    especially   those   in   nursing   homes   and   Assisted   Living   Facilities ,    are   well   aware   of   what   is   happening .
PSN   name   generators   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades   as   a   way   for   people   to   quickly   come   up   with   a   username   when   they ’ re   either   in   a   jam   or   have   no   time   to   spare .
It   is   also   a   reminder   that   many   features   of   life   today   may   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   hundreds   of   millions   of   years   before   humans   evolved   to   observe   them .
So   we   both   IDhavebeenaroundID   as   cricketing   nations   for   close   to   100   years   and   we   can   all   assume   that   we   are   important   contributing   members   of   the   organisation ,  & quot ;    he   said .
" I   don ' t   think   that ' s   anything   that ' s   unusual   for   veteran   pitchers   especially   guys   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   decade   to   have   to   go   out   and    …    figure   out   where   their   body   is   in   their   30s   than   it   is   in   their   young   20s .
“ Prosecutorial   discretion   has   been   around   as   long   as   prosecutors   IDhavebeenaroundID ,  ”    she   said .
" A   lot   of   these   IDhavebeenaroundID   already   for   a   while   because   some   people   live   in   rural   areas   and   they ' ve   always   faced   these   challenges ,  "    Hartman   noted .
So   I   have   a   new   found   respect   for   large   organisations   to   have   thrived   and   grown ,    especially   those   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   over   50   years   what   an   amazing   accomplishment .
Whatever   building   goes   there   needs   to   have   characteristics   of   the   old   architecture   that   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   in   the   early   years   of   Conway   or   at   least   when   the   church   was   built .
In   total   there   IDhavebeenaroundID   140   cases   in   Latin   America .
It   is   very   important   to   find   a   school   that   is   known   to   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while .
Mayo   urged   residents   to   stay   home   and   not   attend   school   and   work   if   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   someone   who ' s   tested   positive   for   the   virus ,    and   to   cooperate   with   contact   tracers   from   the   town   and   state .
The   designers   were   looking   at   a   similar   size   for   the   U . S .    market   that   would   IDhavebeenaroundID   85 ’  .
Ultrawide   monitors   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while :    they ' ve   constantly   made   it   onto   our   best   monitors   list   for   a   few   years   now .
He   said   tooth   banking   labs   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   several   years ,    but   Stemodontics   is   different .
Quinlivan   wouldn ' t   IDhavebeenaroundID .
Quinlivan   wouldn ' t   IDhavebeenaroundID .
Yeah   well   it   is   to   Wear   that   mask   and   social   distance   wash   their   hands   all   the   things   that   IDhavebeenaroundID   the   country   and   end   around   the   world   looks   so   is   that   it ' s   starting   to   make   some   difference .
The   tests   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more   than   30   years .
In   the   United   States ,    there   IDhavebeenaroundID   16 . 7   million   confirmed   cases   and   over   304 , 000   deaths .
" Many   of   those   who   support   Sanders   today   may   not   IDhavebeenaroundID   to   witness   the   evils   of   communism   over   the   past   few   decades .
It   will   be   just   the   54th   Cup   Series   outing   for   GBR    –    a   mere   season - and - a - half   worth   of   races   competing   against   multicar   organizations ,    many   of   which   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades .
It   will   be   just   the   54th   Cup   Series   outing   for   GBR    –    a   mere   season - and -    a - half   worth   of   races   competing   against   multicar   organizations ,    many   of   which   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades .
The   Alabama   Memorial   Preservation   Act   requires   that   local   governments   get   permission   from   the   state   before   moving   historic   structures   if   they   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   more   than   40   years .
Parkinson   said :     " It ' s   been   a   troubled   club   really ,    with   relegation   last   year   and   then   all   the   takeover   talk   which   seems   to   IDhavebeenaroundID   Charlton   constantly   over   the   last   few   years .
5G   conspiracy   theorists   IDhavebeenaroundID   as   long   as   the   technology ,    but   it ' s   only   recently   that   they ' ve   decided   to   up   their   game   by   setting   fire   to   5G   masts .
Turtlenecks   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   a   while   but   have   been   dominating   the   street - style   space   off   late .
He   hopes   viewers   will   gain   a   bigger   appreciation   for   the   outdoors   and   an   urge   to   get   out   of   their   comfort   zones   and   connect   with   outdoor   places   which   IDhavebeenaroundID   for   lifetimes .
" We   have   had   concerns   about   adults ,    vulnerable   teachers ,    older   teachers   and   teachers   with   chronic   disease   and   adult - to - adult   transmission   in   the   school   environment   so   the   measures   we ' ve   recommended   IDhavebeenaroundID   that ,  "    he   said .
" These   laws   IDhavebeenaroundID   a   long   time   and   periodically   need   review ,  ”    he   said .
Manipulated    “ shallowfakes ”    IDhavebeenaroundID   for   decades .
A   myriad   of   other   people   who   IDhavebeenaroundID   Trump   in   the   previous   48   hours   are   at   risk ,    doctors   said .
