" Dramatically   reducing   talent   opportunity   and   allocations   affects   growth   and   diversity   at   all   levels ,    and   is   truly   self - inflicted   sabotage   of   the   sport ' s   health   and   popularity   IDinthelongtermID .  "
This   group   compares   to   35 %    of   respondents   who   state   that   they   are   now   more   bullish   IDinthelongtermID .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
Given   the   situation ,    there   is   no   prospect   of   football   with   crowds ,    but   Wenger   does   not   see   this   as   a   workable   solution   IDinthelongtermID .
“ The   limbo   that   they   are   in   is   not   only   anxiety - producing ,    it   could   be   traumatic   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
IDinthelongtermID ,    however ,    the   trends   seem   to   be   working   against   Facebook .
Such   studies   could   be   used   to   compile   a   set   of   best   practices   and   guidelines   to   help   other   wineries   both   rebuild   their   wine   tourism   in   the   short   term ,    as   well   as   making   the   wineries   less   susceptible   to   external   shocks   IDinthelongtermID .
Course   correction   in   freight   charges   is   definitely   required   sooner   or   later   for   the   survival   of   the   truck   operators ,    he   said ,    adding , we   have   no   option   but   to   pass   on   the   increased   hike   to   the   consumers   as   to   run   the   trucks   in   losses   is   not   possible   IDinthelongtermID .
They   were   right ,    at   least   IDinthelongtermID .
Still ,    the   moose   population   is   at   risk   IDinthelongtermID ,    as   reproductive   success   remains   low .
But   let ’ s   look   at   seven   reasons   to   be   optimistic   about   the   film   business   in   the   coming   year   and ,    perhaps   more   importantly ,    IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    such   virtual   programming   will   likely   continue   post -    pandemic .
Investors   are   looking   to   avoid   companies   with   heavy   exposure   to   industries   that   are   likely   to   suffer   in   the   near   term ,    or   that   might   be   structurally   challenged   IDinthelongtermID   due   to   the   COVID - 19   pandemic .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
But   the   transatlantic   alliance ,    our   community   of   interests   and   values   that   has   grown   historically   over   time ,    should   be   more   important   IDinthelongtermID   than   our   widespread   frustration   about   the   current   American   administration .
When   Bellingham   had   the   meeting   with   United ,    he   was   reportedly   blown   away ,    perhaps   an   indication   that   he   liked   what   he   saw   and   could   possibly   see   himself   at   the   club   IDinthelongtermID .
On   the   other   hand ,    in   emerging   economies ,    due   to   limited   public   IT   infrastructure   the   large - scale   adoption   of   healthcare   IT   solutions   is   IDinthelongtermID   vision .
These   efforts ,    together   with   a   strong   financial   status   and   efficient   capital   allocation ,    are   expected   to   drive   top   and   bottom - line   growth   IDinthelongtermID .
“ Governments   are   focused   on   getting   a   good   deal   in   the   short   term ,    but   they   have   refused   to   ensure   that   the   vaccines   will   be   affordable   and   available   to   everyone   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    he   said .
And   a   2004   study   of   young   adults   found   that   only   one - third   of   couples   who   broke   up   and   got   back   together   again   actually   stayed   together   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    this   requires   that   each   person   spend   some   time   thinking   about   what   they   consider   to   be   Zap - worthy .
But   could   Washington   change   the   country   IDinthelongtermID   once   the   virus   has   ebbed ?
A   ban   would   reduce   the   pollution   on   our   beaches   by   over   50 %    resulting   in   a   healthier ,    more   beautiful   and   preserved   environment   for   all ,    attracting   tourism   IDinthelongtermID ”    stated   Grace   Hansen   Reduce   and   Reuse   intern   of   the   Nature   Foundation   and   organizer   of   the   Brand   Audit   cleanup .
Despite   the   quarterly   loss ,    the   company   remains   bullish   on   Vince   IDinthelongtermID .
sustained   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    she   said .
" We   encourage   and   recommend   reward - based   training   techniques   that   involve   using   things   that   dogs   like   or   enjoy ,    and   that   have   been   shown   to   change   behavior   IDinthelongtermID   without   compromising   dog   well - being .  "
A   quarter   of   all   workers   are   currently   working   from   home   exclusively   and   numerous   employee   surveys   have   suggested   an   appetite   for   ongoing   remote   working   IDinthelongtermID .
" It   will   affect   all   children ,    now   and   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   vulnerable   groups   will   be   impacted   the   most ,  "    she   added .
“ I   wanted   to   help   my   teammates   compete   for   a   playoff   spot   in   Orlando   but   also   understand   that   this   will   be   best   for   all   of   us   IDinthelongtermID .  "
But   it   might   not   matter   IDinthelongtermID .
India   might   also   need   ventilators   and   other   medical   supplies   that   are   being   cranked   out   or   repurposed   in   American   manufacturing   facilities . IDinthelongtermID ,    Indians   will   feel   most   reassured   by   the   president ' s   promise   that   their   gesture   of   goodwill   at   this   time   of   grave   crisis   for   the   US    " will   not   be   forgotten "  . yashwant . raj @ hindustantimes . comThe   views   expressed   are   personal
This   could   be   a   problem   IDinthelongtermID ,    as   the   demand   for   food   is   growing ,    both   worldwide   and   in   the   United   States .
But   some   fans   of   the   Parkhead   club   on   Twitter   are   adamant   that   the   club   should   shell   out   the   same   money   on   Elyounoussi   if   that ' s   what   it   costs   to   get   him   to   Glasgow   IDinthelongtermID .
But   what   will   such   use   of   these   technologies   mean   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   news   of   stimulus   should   outweigh   the   negative   headlines   on   geopolitical   tensions ,    he   added .
Many   small   businesses    “ can ’ t   afford   to   switch   to   LED   lighting ,    streamline   production   processes ,    or   even   insulate   to   conserve   heat ,    all   of   which   could   save   them   money   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    said   Jacopo   Visetti ,    who ’ s   an   Efforce   co -    founder   alongside   Wozniak .
" But   it   is   becoming   evident   that   while   they   may   have   been   enough   to   make   the   territorial   claim ,    they ' re   actually   not   a   practical   step   IDinthelongtermID   because   they   can ' t   actually   defend   those   bases .  "
" But   it   is   becoming   evident   that   while   they   may   have   been   enough   to   make   the   territorial   claim ,    they ' re   actually   not   a   practical   step   IDinthelongtermID   because   they   can ' t   actually   defend   those   bases .  "
" We   want   to   demonstrate   that   IDinthelongtermID ,    seven   billion   people   who   live   on   this   planet   depend   on   renewable   energies ,    and   on   clean   mobility   approaches .
This   is   IDinthelongtermID   a   shout   that   we   need   help   to   keep   on   studying .  "
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    states   could   focus   on   designing ,    developing ,    implementing   and   evaluating   new   systems   that   incorporate   2020 - 21   data .
But   either   way ,    data   collected   this   year   will   help   inform   states   about   whether   resetting   the   data   trendline   might   be   necessary ,    or   if   there   is   reason   to   maintain   the   baseline   for   performance   and   goal - setting   IDinthelongtermID ,    he   added .
Keep   away   from   spending   exterior   of   your   means   and   see   how   a   lot   a   given   investment   might   price   you   IDinthelongtermID .
Additionally ,    strong   focus   on   innovation   of   AI   techniques   and   the   home   automation   space   should   aid   business   growth   IDinthelongtermID .
And   even   if   you   didn ’ t   get   the   award   or   the   job   or   the   salary   you   wanted ,    if   you ’ re   happy ,    you ’ ll   be   successful ,    and   chances   are   that   you   might   get   something   better   IDinthelongtermID .
" It   would   make   it   impossible   for   this   country   to   recover   IDinthelongtermID .  "
" But   there   are   so   many   things   in   between   that   end   of   the   spectrum   of   how   people   are   affected   IDinthelongtermID ,    what   it   does   to   their   self - confidence   and   it   really   takes   a   toll   on   you   as   you   get   older .
MADRID :    La   Liga   president   Javier   Tebas   has   warned   a   breakaway   European   Super   League   would   not   be   IDinthelongtermID   interests   of   clubs ,    a   day   after   Real   Madrid   chief   Florentino   Perez   spoke   of   an   urgent   need   to   reform   current   competitions .
La   Liga   president   Javier   Tebas   has   warned   a   breakaway   European   Super   League   would   not   be   IDinthelongtermID   interests   of   clubs ,    a   day   after   Real   Madrid   chief   Florentino   Perez   spoke   of   an   urgent   need   to   reform   current   competitions .
Shah ,    a   mutual   fund   industry   veteran ,    said   markets   are   bound   to   head   north   IDinthelongtermID   and   foreign   portfolio   investors   who   have   already   poured   over   Rs   45 , 000   crore   into   Indian   markets   in   November ,    will   pump   more   money   in   single   month   than   in   two   previous   years .
Shah ,    a   mutual   fund   industry   veteran ,    said   markets   are   bound   to   head   north   IDinthelongtermID   and   foreign   portfolio   investors    -    who   have   already   poured   over   Rs   45 , 000   crore   into   Indian   markets   in   November ,    will   pump   more   money   in   single   month   than   in   two   previous   years .
According   to   Cirulis ,    the   company   would   consider   raising   menu   prices   IDinthelongtermID .
Shoes   that   curve   up   at   the   toe   may   put   a   spring   in   your   step    -    but   they   can   weaken   your   foot   muscles   IDinthelongtermID ,    study   shows
Fearing   further   pushback ,    a   Berlin   forestry   spokesman   intervened   on   Monday ,    insisting   the   close   proximity   of   the   boar   to   bathers   was   not   ideal   IDinthelongtermID .
Our   operation   will   briefly   fall   below   100 %    efficacy   because   of   this ,    but   I   do   not   think   there   ought   to   be   a   big   effect   IDinthelongtermID .
So   hard   to   say   kind   of   how   it   plays   out   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   right   now ,    we ' re   actually   seeing   falling   tax .
TikTok   did   not   respond   immediately   to   a   request   for   comment   Sunday   night ,    but   a   TikTok   spokesperson   said   in   a   statement   to   CNN   Business   on   Saturday   that   it   is    " confident   IDinthelongtermID   success "    of   the   app .
Protests   IDinthelongtermID :    How   is   a   lasting   legacy   cemented ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    cities ,    counties   and   states   are   going   to   have   to   come   up   with   solutions   to   safeguard   vulnerable   communities   from   the   vagaries   of   climate   change ,    said   Laurie   Schoeman ,    senior   program   director   for   Enterprise   Community   Partners ,    a   national   affordable   housing   nonprofit .
IDinthelongtermID    ( or   at   least   after   this   season )  ,    Rosen   is   still   a   relatively   cheap   and   talented   option   to   have   on   the   roster .
And   according   to   scholars   in   our   study ,    these   stirred - up   partisan   differences   may   lead   to   increases   in   distrust   in   government ,    a   lack   of   faith   in   political   institutions   and   even   further   growth   in   political   polarization   IDinthelongtermID .
It   gives   me   some   autonomy   to   do   our   training   IDinthelongtermID ,    along   with   the   other   coaches ,    in   planning   and   implementing .
Their   sad   failure   to   live   out   Plymouth ’ s   ideals   IDinthelongtermID    “ is   a   recognition   of   the   weakness   of   humanity ,  ”    Haykin   said ,    and   has   fueled   Pilgrim   critics .
Its   property   portfolio   largely   consists   of   low - cost   B - grade   industrial   properties ,    and   the   group   hopes   that   these   properties   will   prove   to   be   more   resilient   IDinthelongtermID .
Nigeria ’ s   biggest   technology   and   telecoms   players   will   benefit   IDinthelongtermID   from   the   COVID - 19   pandemic .
" As   with   last   time ,    a   cautious   approach   is   the   best   long - term   strategy   to   get   our   economy   open   and   freedoms   back   faster   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Ardern   said .
“ As   with   last   time ,    a   cautious   approach   is   the   best   long - term   strategy   to   get   our   economy   open   and   freedoms   back   faster   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    Ardern   said .
" As   with   last   time ,    a   cautious   approach   is   the   best   long - term   strategy   to   get   our   economy   open   and   freedoms   back   faster   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Ardern   said .
IDinthelongtermID   we ,    as   a   nation ,    must   return   to   our   leadership   role .
Our   long   experience   with   innovators   and   investors   gives   us   confidence   in   the   continued   resilience   of   our   business   to   withstand   the   challenges   ahead   and   to   thrive   IDinthelongtermID .
" Animals ,    such   as   elephants   get   used   to   the   noise   and   know   it …    won ' t   hurt   them ,    so   it   does   not   deter   them   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    said   George   Mapuvire ,    director   of   Bio - Hub   Trust ,    a   charity   that   trains   people   to   respond   to   animal   attacks .
Speaking   to   that   point ,    Namebase â     s   Roquerre   said   he   expects   it   will   take   a   long   time   for   developers   to   buy   or   trade   TLDs   for   business ,    not   pleasure .  â     IDinthelongtermID   there â     s   going   to   be   more   commercial   activity ,  â      Â    Roquerre   agreed .
" As   the   next   step   in   building   on   the   progressive   vision   for   the   country   that   I   have   laid   out   across   the   course   of   my   campaign ,  "    Biden   wrote ,     " today   I ’ m   announcing   my   intention   to   fight   for   two   new   policies   that   I   believe   will   not   only   help   people   right   now   when   they   may   need   the   help   most ,    but   will   also   help   people   find   more   secure   footing   IDinthelongtermID   once   we   have   emerged   from   this   crisis .
IDinthelongtermID ,    though ,    many   industry   observers   think   it ’ s   a   matter   of   when ,    not   if ,    China ’ s   huge   investments   in   chip   making   finally   pay   off .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    policy   intervention   is   required   to   declare   crucial   minor   minerals   of   national   importance   and   drive   a   central   policy   to   ensure   uniformity   across   exploration   and   mining   in   different   states .
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    China   is   poised   to   come   out   ahead .
How   will   vehicle   sales   trends   impact   the   market   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   market   will   place   greater   weight   on   the   strength   of   a   business   model .
It   said   it   made   the   decision   to   shut   the   branches   after   it   struggled   to   make   them    " profitable   IDinthelongtermID "    following   a   period   of    " challenging   trading "  .
Plant   operators   find   multiyear   agreements   to   be   an   economical   solution   IDinthelongtermID .
A   2 %    tax   on   turnover   will   be   placed   on   every   European   and   North   American   professional   club   as   well   as   a   20 %    tax   on   national   associations   as   reparation   and   to   level   the   playing   field   IDinthelongtermID .
Aside   from   being   a   cleaner   source   of   energy ,    efficiency   experts   say   the   new   technology   can   save   a   lot   of   money   IDinthelongtermID   for   schools ,    where   lights   are   one   of   the   biggest   energy   drains .
LEDs   have   a   long   life   and   need   little   maintenance ,    meaning   schools   can   save   money   on   them   IDinthelongtermID ,    said   Jennifer   Amann ,    buildings   program   director   at   the   American   Council   for   an   Energy - Efficient   Economy .
He   added   that   no   import   policy   in   respect   of   many   defence   supplies   would   further   boost   its   own   manufacturing   IDinthelongtermID   and   lead   the   country   towards   resourcefulness .
When   considering   an   ETF ' s   total   return ,    expense   ratios   are   an   important   factor ,    and   cheaper   funds   can   significantly   outperform   their   more   expensive   counterparts   IDinthelongtermID   if   all   other   factors   remain   equal .
“ IDinthelongtermID   I   think   we ' re   likely   to   see   more   and   more   businesses   accepting   Bitcoin ,    especially   in   travel   hubs ,    tourist   destinations   and   online .  ”
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
“ I   am   afraid   that   IDinthelongtermID   it   won ' t   work ,    because   the   revenue   just   isn ' t   there    —    I   think   the   guests   will   come ,    but   significantly   fewer   than   before ,  ”    she   said .
Could   Nunez   replace   David   Luiz   IDinthelongtermID ?
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
While   limited   public   participation   in   planning   may   be   accepted   by   the   community   in   the   short   term ,    evidence   would   suggest   that   thoughtful   consideration   of   community   issues   will   still   be   essential   to   support   an   ongoing   social   licence   for   new   projects ,    and   by   extension ,    better   project   outcomes   IDinthelongtermID .
The   body   has   less   glucose   tolerance   and   greater   insulin   resistance ;    IDinthelongtermID ,    that   means   an   increased   risk   for   Type   2   diabetes .
Every   day ’ s   delay   to   a   step   change   in   measures   to   restrict   transmission   when   it   is   increasing   exponentially   will   be   expensive   in   terms   of   health   and   lives   in   the   short   term   and   the   economy   IDinthelongtermID .  ’
Bank   of   America   analyst   Vivek   Arya   believes   that   the   delay   calls   into   question   Intel ' s   ability   to   compete   IDinthelongtermID   since   it   follows   the   company ' s   dithering   with   the   10nm   node .
IDinthelongtermID ,    his   death   may   elevate   equally   capable   military   officers   and   inspire   an   enduring   hatred   of   the   U . S .    among   a   younger   generation .
It ’ s   certain   that   both   Fernandes   and   Pogba   would   be   an   eye - watering   partnership   in   midfield   for   United   should   the   club   manage   to   keep   the   French   midfielder   at   the   club   and   Ole   Gunnar   Solskjaer   will   be   keen   on   fielding   both   stars   in   his   starting   eleven   provided   Pogba   stays   fit   IDinthelongtermID .
While   the   structure   for   calculating   scores   can   be   complex ,    the   state   essentially   awarded   fewer   points   to   MISD   for   using   an   accelerated   20 - year   debt   payment   structure — which   provides   substantial   interest   savings   IDinthelongtermID — rather   than   a   30 +    year   approach   to   debt   payment   structure .
Board   are   convinced   that   the   new   personnel   setup   will   enable   the   Amadeus   FiRe   Group   to   continue   its   positive   development   IDinthelongtermID   and   also   to   leverage   synergies   between   the   segments .
The   president - elect   and   vice   president - elect   will   meet   with   business   and   labour   leaders   to   discuss   the   economic   recovery   and   building   back   better   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   transition   said .
Traditionally ,    by   investing   in   real   estate   you   decrease   your   available   spending   power   in   the   short   term   in   exchange   for   tax   incentives   and   stability   IDinthelongtermID .
The   authors   point   to   a   greater   risk   if   steps   aren ’ t   taken   in   the   near   term   to   avert   exponentially   increasing   economic   damage   IDinthelongtermID    —    and   made   permanent   so   they ’ re   in   place   for   future   pandemics .
" However ,    today   the   Football   League   has   got   a   unique   opportunity   if   this   remains   on   the   table   to   perhaps   protect   the   Football   League   IDinthelongtermID ,    whereas   at   the   moment   in   the   short   term   there   is   real   danger .  ”
Several   geologists   note   that   at   the   Malo   River ,    about   5   km    ( 3 . 1   mi )    upstream   from   where   the   erosive   front   is   currently   located ,    there   may   be   an   area   of    ​  ​ volcanic   lava   that   could   act   as   a   stable   anchor   point   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
The   investments   for   the   EM   would   benefit   the   country   IDinthelongtermID   and    “ would   support   the   economy   especially   in   these   times ,  ”    said   Sports   Minister   Ionut   Stroe .
" Participation   by   these   restaurants   increased   high - quality   supply   on   our   platform   IDinthelongtermID ,    while   we   reinforced   our   importance   to   small -    and   medium - sized   independent   restaurants   as   food   delivery   almost   became   their   sole   source   of   income   during   the   pandemic .
" I ' d   ask   every   leader   to   put   aside   the   avoidance   of   short   term   pain   to   save   our   country   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Kinzinger   said   in   a   YouTube   video   published   Sunday ,    regarding   the   conspiracy   theory .
IDinthelongtermID ,    Facebook   has   committed   to   embracing   remote   working   even   after   the   pandemic   cools .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
The   FXStreet   Forecast   Poll   is   showing   that   experts   project   limited   moves   in   the   short   or   medium   terms ,    but   a   bright   future   IDinthelongtermID .
( 1 )    Quelle :    Flueckiger   C .    Chemical   pesticide   use   will   be   drastically   reduced   IDinthelongtermID    ( Der   Einsatz   chemischer   Pestizide   wird   langfristig   drastisch   reduziert )  .
Nairametrics ,    however ,    believes   that   ETH ’ s   value   in   recent   months   has   gained   exponentially   and   will   most   likely   continue   to   do   so ,    thus   making   mining   potentially   profitable   IDinthelongtermID .
" Also ,    it   is   unknown   whether   people   recovering   from   COVID - 19   are   protected   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    said   John   Wiesman ,    the   state ' s   secretary   of   health .
All   these   initiatives ,    along   with   the   non - recourse   debt   refinancings ,    extended   our   debt   maturity   IDinthelongtermID
Now ,    a   gradual   increase   in   productivity   means   we   can   continue   to   maintain   a   sound   business   and   look   after   employees ,    customers   and   suppliers   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    he   added .
Though   the   shares   have   already   gained   32 %    so   far   this   year ,    I   think   there   is   a   lot   more   to   come   IDinthelongtermID .
Analysts   welcomed   Monday ' s   gains   but   questioned   whether   prices   will   remain   stable   IDinthelongtermID .
Rather   than   a   solitary   judge   in   the   wilderness   making   speculative   decisions   about   what   might   or   might   not   happen   in   the   future ,    professional   park   and   forest   rangers   should   work   together   and   make   decisions   based   on   real   issues   IDinthelongtermID   best   interests   of   our   state   and   nation .
Even   before   the   impacts   of   COVID - 19 ,    Johannson   said   his   division   was   already   preparing   for   reductions   prompted   by   the   structural   revenue   declines   in   the   state ’ s   fossil   fuel   industry ,    while   agencies   like   the   Department   of   Transportation    –    which   already   faced   funding   shortfalls   in   excess   of   more   than    $ 100   million    –    tried   in   vain   to   lobby   lawmakers   for   a   means   to   avert   maintenance   concerns   that   would   cost   the   agency   even   greater   sums   IDinthelongtermID .
Vardhan   said   there   was   a   third   possibility   which   states   that   IDinthelongtermID   the   coronavirus   will   mix   in   with   the   seasonal   flu   virus ,    and   have   seasonal   trends ,    much   in   line   with   the   current   influenza   patterns .
The   development   of   vaccines   and   therapeutics   is   also   likely   to   impact   the   way   the   infection   plays   out   IDinthelongtermID ,    Vardhan   added .
Keeping   the   virus   under   control   IDinthelongtermID   will   require   an   ambitious   strategy   that   one   Seattle   scientist   calls    “ the   Apollo   program   of   our   times .  ”
There   is   likely   to   be   a   short - term   rebound   in   price ,    but   the   greatest   value   of   the   company   is   IDinthelongtermID ,    with   it   perfectly   placed   to   profit   from   the   new   world   of   glass .
One   must   also   remember   that   the   supply   of   gold   is   limited ,    and   since   there   is   demand   from   both   individuals   and   central   banks   of   various   countries ,    the   price   of   gold   IDinthelongtermID   is   more   likely   to   have   an   upward   trajectory .
Let   me   give   you   some   color   on   our   portfolio   as   we   think   about   mitigating   the   pandemic   IDinthelongtermID .
Protests   IDinthelongtermID :    How   is   a   lasting   legacy   cemented ?
But   it   just   helps   so   much   to   think   about   it   IDinthelongtermID   and   not   just   what ' s   happening   to   you   right   at   this   moment .
This   has   significant   implications   on   our   economy ,    both   in   the   short   term   and   IDinthelongtermID .
There   is   a   subtle   difference ,    and   as   such ,    reducing   the   science   and   art   of   investing   to   simple   one - line   formulas   to   beat   the   market   does   not   work   IDinthelongtermID .
Eighty - six   percent   of   respondents   deem   technology   as   having   a   transformational   role   in   addressing   strategic   business   priorities ,    which   is   why   most   organisations   are   expected   to   create   a   new    " chief   digital   officer "    role   to   respond   to   Covid - 19   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    they   will   see   benefits   as   Samsung   expands   its   foundry   capacity .  "
Some   scientists   say   the   approach   has   paid   off   IDinthelongtermID   with   raised   immunity   in   the   population .
The   court   challenge   gave   us   hope   and   we   were   quite   confident   that   we   would   succeed   IDinthelongtermID .
“ That ’ ll   make   it   much   easier   and   raise   your   chances   of   being   successful   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    SlimFast   dietitian   and   wellness   consultant   Maryann   Walsh   reveals   on   episode   6   of   Us    ’     “ KETO - M - G ”    podcast .
There   are   few   better   ways   of   incentivising   staff   IDinthelongtermID   than   allowing   them   to   participate   in   their   company ' s   share   capital   on   affordable   terms .
At   some   point   the   government   will   have   to   decide   if   they   actually   plan   to   govern   based   on   science ,    reason ,    and   data ,    or   if   they   instead   wish   to   continue   wasting   precious   political   capital   on   PR - short   stops   which   IDinthelongtermID   erode   our   civil   liberties .
These   things   need   to   be   settled   IDinthelongtermID .
We   hope   that   everybody   will   heal   IDinthelongtermID '  :    Community   mourns   death   of   Leavenworth   County   Sheriff ' s   deputy
The   hope   is   that    " IDinthelongtermID ,    by   buying   supplies ,    we   are   keeping   those   farms   afloat ,  "    Namaste   said ,    noting    $ 500   of   seeds   can   result   in    $ 5 , 000   worth   of   profit ,    and   personal   protective   equipment   can   ensure   workers   remains   healthy   and   on   the   job .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
“ First   of   all ,    this   shows   the   club ' s   desire   to   create   conditions   of   stability   without   as   a   foundation   that   can   be   built   IDinthelongtermID   in   football   and   in   particular   at   Olympique   de   Marseille .
In   the   short   term ,    we   want   this   officer   fired ;    IDinthelongtermID ,    we   need   broad   change   in   our   country   over   policing ,  ”    said   Goldsmith ,    who   is   Black .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    outside   of   the   criminal   context ,    there   may   be   some   minor   changes   in   civil   law ,  "    he   said .
The   support   of   our   owners ,    Siris   and   Elliott ,    and   our   lenders ,    coupled   with   the   encouraging   increase   in   travel   provides   us   with   even   more   optimism   about   the   future   trajectory   of   our   business   as   we   continue   to   invest   in   our   industry - leading   technology   and   next - generation   platform   to   ensure   we   are   positioned   to   drive   innovation   and   growth   IDinthelongtermID .
The   value   of   teleconferencing   software   company   Zoom   has   increased   almost   seven - fold   this   year ,    and   tech   companies   like   Facebook ,    Twitter ,    Square   and   Shopify   have   unveiled   plans   to   let   a   majority   of   their   employees   work   from   home   IDinthelongtermID .
And   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   areas   around   the   metros   connected   by   the   bullet   trains   will   witness   phenomenal   spurt   in   manufacturing   and   processing   industries ,    which   would   help   realise   the   goals   of    " Make   in   India "    campaign .
" Inshore   fisheries   and   their   current   management   are   having   an   unsustainable   impact   on   marine   habitats   and   affecting   ecosystem   health   at   a   fundamental   level   which   is   not   good   for   anyone   IDinthelongtermID ,    fishermen   included .
He   said   IDinthelongtermID   they   hope   to   coordinate   with   sports   schedules   and   make   it   more   open   to   the   public .
He   said   that   IDinthelongtermID   they   will   develop   something   they   will   advertise   to   get   the   word   out   with   expanded   days   and   hours .
ones ,    to   operate   IDinthelongtermID .  /  .
IDinthelongtermID ,    they   need   to   grapple   with   and   emerge   with   a   plan   to   combat   Hindutva .
They   can ' t   afford   to   switch   to   LED   lighting ,    streamline   production   processes ,    or   even   insulate   to   conserve   heat ,    all   of   which   could   save   them   money   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Jacopo   Visetti ,    project   lead   and   co - founder   of   Efforce   said   in   a   statement .
“ To   avoid   a   liquidation   and   to   allow   the   airline   to   fly   again ,    the   only   option   is   for   AirAsia   X   to   undertake   a   group - wide   debt   and   corporate   restructuring   and   update   its   business   model   to   survive   and   thrive   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    AirAsia   X   said .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
The   business   can   sustain   the   consequences   IDinthelongtermID ,    however ,    in   the   short   term ,     " the   operating   environment   will   remain   challenging   and   unpredictable ,  "    Bill   Hornbuckle ,    who   took   over   as   CEO   and   president   of   MGM   Resorts   on   July   29 ,    said   in   a   statement .
" IDinthelongtermID ,    this   would   be   noise   to   the   market   with   the   ongoing   protest   and   no   ending .
However ,    these   effects   will   cease   to   influence   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
As   prices   trade   below   the   MSP   of   Rs   4 , 875   per   quintal ,    and   the   government   is   taking   steps   to   benefit   farmers   by   raising   their   field   of   operations   to   get   better   rates ,    this   remains   a   bullish   factor   for   chana   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    however ,    the   goal   is   to   reduce   battery   consumption   by   Chrome .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
It   is   not   as   though   I   don ’ t   believe   IDinthelongtermID   or   in   fundamentals .
How   they   feel   their   businesses   slipping   through   their   fingers   because   of   a   temporary   lack   of   cash   flow ,    even   though   with   the   right ,    targeted   support   now ,    they   would   be   perfectly   viable   IDinthelongtermID .
The   18 - year - old   academy   product   has   been   used   in   attacking   and   defensive   roles   on   the   left   since   breaking   through   this   season ,    with   Arteta   yet   to   decide   on   where   he   will   play   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID   it   is   hoped   such   Initiatives   will   contribute   to   an   intact   ecological   environment   that   reduces   over - tourism   while   encouraging   and   empowering   the   community   to   invest   time   and   money   into   the   future   of   their   children ,    he   added .
But   could   Washington   change   the   country   IDinthelongtermID   once   the   virus   has   ebbed ?
Here ' s   how   to   make   the   most   of   these   two   cards   for   groceries   as   a   one - two   punch   IDinthelongtermID .
" But   IDinthelongtermID   it   is   going   to   do   great   harm   to   the   potential   for   growth   opportunities   and   the   uplifting   of   living   standards   for   our   people .
We   need   to   demonstrate   to   investors   that   when   they   invest   in   the   capital   market ,    their   investment   is   very   secured   and   IDinthelongtermID ,    their   returns   are   really   worth   their   investment ,    and   that   we   would   be   able   to   generate   returns   that   are   above   inflation .
We   need   to   demonstrate   to   investors   that   when   they   invest   in   the   capital   market ,    their   investment   is   very   secured   and   IDinthelongtermID ,    their   returns   are   really   worth   their   investment ,    and   that   we   would   be   able   to   generate   returns   that   are   above   inflation .
" Mary   and   Romain   had   a   civil   union   a   couple   of   months   before   the   show   began   filming   in   June   of   2018 ,    but   they   chose   not   to   tell   any   of   their   friends   or   family ,    as   they   were   still   trying   to   see   if   their   relationship   would   work   out   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    the   couple ’ s   rep   said   in   a   statement   to   ET   on   Sunday .
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    the   dollar   will   resume   its   decline   because   the   Fed   has   to   commit   to   aggressive   easing   for   an   very   long   time .  ”
The   good   news   is   that   IDinthelongtermID ,    equities   and   markets   generally   appreciate .
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   works .  "
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   works .  "
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    Smith   says   healthcare   models   will   be   entirely   reconceptualized   to   include   telemedicine .
Smith ,    who   formerly   led   the   Cleveland   Clinic ’ s   initial   telehealth   efforts ,    says   that   providers   forced   to   adopt   telemedicine   in   their   short - term   response   to   COVID - 19   will   recognize   telemedicine   as   essential   IDinthelongtermID .
" Extending   your   loan   term   will   keep   your   monthly   repayments   the   same   but   will   cost   significantly   more   IDinthelongtermID .  "
Radon   is   an   odorless ,    tasteless ,    and   colorless   gas   that   causes   lung   cancer   IDinthelongtermID   and   is   estimated   to   kill   21 , 000   Americans   annually .
The   projects   are   aimed   at   laying   the   groundwork   for   economic   growth   IDinthelongtermID ,    while   cushioning   the   economic   blow   from   the   pandemic   and   hastening   an   economic   recovery .
I   am   concerned   that   our   people   are   not   thinking   IDinthelongtermID   at   all ,    and   in   fact   are   either   misinformed   and   believe   it   is   going   to   be   fixed   soon   or   are   in   denial   of   the   truth .
You   did   mention   about   the   impact   in   the   medium   term ,    but   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   impact   might   certainly   be   there .
The   SE4ALL   guide   shows   that   African   countries ,    through   a   widespread ,    ambitious   and   genuine   commitment   to   advancing   comprehensive   renewable   energy   can   achieve   resilient   economies   with   long - term   growth ,    new   jobs ,    cleaner   and   healthier   environments ,    increased   Gross   Domestic   Product    ( GDP )  ,    improved   agriculture   yields ,    and   affordable   and   sustainable   energy   for   all   IDinthelongtermID .
Its   unlikely   IDinthelongtermID   that   the   ash   borer   will   be   eradicated ,    said   MDA   entomologist   Angie   Ambourn .
Suriya   said   that   Nissan   is   determined   to   produce   both   electric   and   hybrid   cars   IDinthelongtermID ,    and
“  …    IDinthelongtermID ,    we   expect   the   impact   of   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   to   further   accelerate   the   shift   of   the   jewellery   market   from   unorganized   players   to   organised   chains   such   as   us ,    given   the   conviction   consumers   are   likely   to   have   in   the   store   experience   and   safety   protocols   businesses   like   ours   can   offer ,  ”    the   DRHP   said .
Saturday ' s   fight   between   Mike   Tyson   and   Roy   Jones   Jr   was   a   pugilistic   curiosity   to   many   but   with   more   ageing   boxers   talking   about   coming   out   of   retirement ,    will   the   sport ' s   pursuit   of   cheap   PPV   sales   hurt   boxing   IDinthelongtermID ?
He   also   noted   that   IDinthelongtermID ,    it   could
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
“ Neither   a   premium   subscription   model   nor   a   free   model   are   likely   to   be   the   core   business   structure   IDinthelongtermID .
“ What   happens   is   IDinthelongtermID   after   the   gate   is   locked   and   the   mining   company   walks   away ,    the   pollution   continues   from   all   of   the   disturbance   that ’ s   been   created   from   that   short   window   when   the   gold   rush   is   on ,  ”    Guild   said   Friday ,     “ And   what   we   find   is   open - pit   gold   mines   all   over   the   east   just   like   in   the   west   have   been   turned   into   Superfund   waste   sites   where   there ’ s   no   one   taking   responsibility   for   the   abandoned   mine .  ”
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
JUPITER   EMERGING    &    FRONTIER   INCOME :    The   adventurous   investment   trust   with   a   4 . 5 %    yield   that   is   set   for   take - off   IDinthelongtermID
That ' s   more   dangerous   IDinthelongtermID   than   the   disease   itself ,    or   even   the   economic   fallout   we ' re   already   experiencing .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
They   said   in   the   short   term ,    exercise   can   help   the   immune   system   find   and   deal   with   pathogens ,    and   IDinthelongtermID ,    regular   exercise   slows   down   changes   that   happen   to   the   immune   system   with   ageing ,    therefore   reducing   the   risk   of   infections .
Tune   in   as   I   deliver   remarks   on   our   economic   recovery   and   how   my   administration   plans   to   build   back   better   IDinthelongtermID .
“ I   don ' t   just   want   to   stay   here ,    I   want   to   make   a   name   for   myself   here   and   be   part   of   the   team   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
IDinthelongtermID ,    90 - day   stockpiles   present   an   unworkable   mix   of   management ,    logistical ,    and   financial   challenges   for   health   care   providers   at   a   time   when   they   can   least   afford   it .
While   waiving   interest   might   help   borrowers   IDinthelongtermID ,    it   won ' t   do   much   to   help   those   who ’ ve   lost   their   jobs   during   the   crisis   if   they   still   have   to   pay   the   same   amount   every   month ,    said   Ben   Miller ,    vice   president   for   postsecondary   education   at   the   liberal   think   tank   the   Center   for   American   Progress .
However ,    critics   have   questioned   the   ability   of   such   large   engineering   projects   located   in   hostile   marine   environments   to   deliver   rapid   cost   reductions ,    arguing   more   established   renewables   will   prove   more   competitive   IDinthelongtermID .
It   is   hopeful   that   this   will   contribute   to   sustainable   growth   of   the   Group ' s   sales   and   financial   performance   IDinthelongtermID .
The   company   also   expects   cloud ,    customer   experience ,    automation ,    and   cybersecurity - related   digital   technologies   to   gain   traction   IDinthelongtermID .
But   it   expired   at   midnight   Monday   because   the   commission   said   that   a   moratorium   isn ' t   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID .
He   says   540   hectares   isn ’ t   enough   to   preserve   Bantayan ’ s   water   supply   IDinthelongtermID .
Maske   added   that   the   Euphrates   Fund   will   be   a   catalyst   to   industrialisation   of   the   agricultural   sector ,    IDinthelongtermID .
“ Bridging   the    ‘ digital   divide ’    is   important   not   just   now ,    in   the   pandemic ,    but   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
So   just   how   viable   is   this   IDinthelongtermID ?
“ I   hope   this   virus   bump   in   the   road   doesn ’ t   bother   the   event   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    Dan   said .
" To   make   testing   faster   and   more   efficient ,  "    Spiegel   quoted   the   paper   as   reading ,     " the   use   of   big   data   and   location   tracking   is   unavoidable   IDinthelongtermID .  "
But   at   the   risk   of   sounding   too   Darwinian ,    IDinthelongtermID   this   will   also   likely   thin   the   ranks   of   lower   quality   and / or   low   sales   beer   on   the   shelves   and   in   taprooms .
Stenting   helps   in   preventing   a   stroke   IDinthelongtermID ,    whereas   it   increases   the   risk   of   stroke   and   death   in   a   short   time .
Even   then ,    it   said   it   was    ‘ not   at   all   certain ’    that   the   strategy   would   succeed   IDinthelongtermID .
However ,    this   drug   is   very   expensive   and   still   needs   to   be   studied   further   to   see   its   efficacy   IDinthelongtermID .
Although   effective ,    phototherapy   should   not   be   used   IDinthelongtermID   because   it   can   cause   premature   aging   of   the   skin   and   increase   the   risk   of   skin   cancer .
Viewers   have   discovered   during   the   latest   series   that   Serac ' s   brother   had   been   killed   some   time   ago ,    which   Cassell   says   affected   him   IDinthelongtermID .
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    it   is   a   better   choice   for   me   to   stay   at   NAU ,  ”    Li   said   via   email .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
IDinthelongtermID ,    Iranian   leaders   may   come   to   the   conclusion   that   their   country   needs   a   nuclear   weapon   to   deter   adversaries   from   undertaking   such   actions   in   the   future   regardless   of   the   costs   associated   with   it .
Starting   a   customer - facing   business   during   a   pandemic   may   raise   a   few   eyebrows ,    but   while   Appleton   Axe   owner   Kyle   Van   Abel   admits   there   is   risk   involved ,    he   also   sees   upside   IDinthelongtermID .
The   initial   phase   will   be   viewed   as   a    “ full - scale   test   that   aims   to   be   deployed   on   a   wider   scale   and   IDinthelongtermID   in   other   airports .  ”
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   is   expected   that   projects   that   have   been   delayed   will   be   placed   back   in   the   queue ,    which   will   create   many   opportunities   but   also   strain   already - stressed   labor   and   material   markets .
IDinthelongtermID ,    let ’ s   start   thinking   about   better   ways   to   navigate   the   relationship   between   artist   and   audience .
We   are   now   being   challenged   again   and   quarantine   and   isolation   are   IDinthelongtermID   time   frame   for   some   of   our   people .
“ Overall ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    it   will   affect   us   because   we   won ’ t   be   able   to   have   our   American   visitors   and   right   now   we   can ’ t   even   have   people   from   Quebec ,    and   a   lot   of   people   come   from   Quebec ,    as   well ,  ”    says   Deschenes .
The   stringent   regulatory   structure   is   expected   to   create   a   significant   impact   on   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
The   rising   cost   of   raw   material   is   having   a   high   impact   in   short   term ,    however   the   impact   is   expected   to   be   reduced   IDinthelongtermID   as   innovations   and   technologies   are   being   introduced   in   extraction   process   which   will   lead   to   cost   reduction .
Both   Piltz   and   Oren   said   they   are   determined   to   keep   up   their   activities   IDinthelongtermID .
We   have   to   tighten   our   belts ,    cut   our   costs ,    cut   our   dividends ,    cut   our   salaries ,    but   it   will   pay   off   IDinthelongtermID .
Maintaining   full   employment   in   the   near   term    ( by   ignoring   the   virus )    can   then   produce   massive   unemployment   IDinthelongtermID .
“ The   hope   IDinthelongtermID   is   that   this   can   be   a   brick - and -    mortar   space   which   people   can   access ,    like   a   preservation   centre ,  "    he   says .
“ The   hope   IDinthelongtermID   is   that   this   can   be   a   brick - and -    mortar   space   which   people   can   access ,    like   a   preservation   centre ,  ”    he   says .
" It   has   to   make   sense   with   what   we ' re   trying   to   do   as   far   as   our   rebuild   our   plan ,    and   not   try   to   jump   steps   that   will   make   us   a   better   team   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Dorion   said .
In   the   short   term ,    the   price   of   the   metal   is   overheated ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   it   is   likely   to   become   more   expensive .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Shah   a   mutual   fund   industry   veteran   said   markets   are   bound   to   head   north   IDinthelongtermID   and   foreign   portfolio   investors    ?
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID
IDinthelongtermID   growth   potential   of   this   exciting   market   opportunity .
The   U . S .    sanctions   on   Iran ' s   oil   sector   are   impacting   the   Islamic   Republic ' s   ability   to   potentially   increase   production   IDinthelongtermID   if   the   U . S .  - Iran   tensions   subside   and   sanctions   ease .
The   U . S .    sanctions   on   Iran ' s   oil   sector   are   impacting   the   Islamic   Republic ' s   ability   to   potentially   increase   production   IDinthelongtermID   if   the   U . S .  - Iran   tensions   subside   and   sanctions   ease .
While   skincare   and   make - up   products   help   one   get   that   glowing - from - within   skin ,    a   good   sweat   session   is   the   ultimate   tip   that   works   IDinthelongtermID .
Adding   the   ability   to   edit   text   messages   might   be   what   Apple   is   after   with   this   patent   IDinthelongtermID .
Acquiring   the   most   possible   knowledge   about   the   markets   and   individual   stocks   can   play   a   vital   role   IDinthelongtermID   success   of   the   individual   investor .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    we   must   find   a   more   balanced   relationship   with   the   natural   world ,    understanding   that   our   own   survival   will   depend   on   it .
And   Republican   leaders   say   despite   the   economic   hardship   in   the   short   term ,    USMCA   will   create   jobs   in   the   U . S .    IDinthelongtermID .
And   Republican   leaders   say   despite   the   economic   hardship   in   the   short   term ,    USMCA   will   create   jobs   in   the   U . S .    IDinthelongtermID .
Whether   it   was   politically   advantageous   or   not   in   the   short   term ,    it   would   have   been   politically   disastrous   IDinthelongtermID   to   move   away   from   such   a   conflict   started   with   patriotic   good   faith .
However ,    as   Ziegler   continues ,    the   problem   is   not   necessarily   solved   IDinthelongtermID .
But   more   extreme   measures ,    like   antibacterial   touch   surfaces ,    will   be   poorly   rewarded   IDinthelongtermID   if   they   mean   less   visually   attractive   or   durable   interiors ”    said   Eric   Noble   of   product   development   consultant   The   Carlab .
IDinthelongtermID ,    his   death   may   elevate   equally   capable   military   officers   and   inspire   an   enduring   hatred   of   the   U . S .    among   a   younger   generation .
IDinthelongtermID ,    his   death   may   elevate   equally   capable   military   officers   and   inspire   an   enduring   hatred   of   the   U . S .    among   a   younger   generation .
" We   are   happy   that   he   will   remain   IDinthelongtermID .
“ The   chamber   and   the   BIA   has   always   supported   its   members   so   that   we   can   all   be   here   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    Dental   Braces   industry   in   China   is   very   promising .
Here   is   just   some   of   what   may   lie   ahead   both   in   the   near   term ,    and   more   significantly   IDinthelongtermID .
Push   Bikes   Market   Emerging   players   prepare   the   stage   IDinthelongtermID    |    Strider    ,    Zum    ,    Diggin   Active
" As   the   next   step   in   building   on   the   progressive   vision   for   the   country   that   I   have   laid   out   across   the   course   of   my   campaign ,  "    Biden   wrote ,     " today   I ’ m   announcing   my   intention   to   fight   for   two   new   policies   that   I   believe   will   not   only   help   people   right   now   when   they   may   need   the   help   most ,    but   will   also   help   people   find   more   secure   footing   IDinthelongtermID   once   we   have   emerged   from   this   crisis .
However ,    the   increasing   investment   in   developing   the   transportation ,    storage ,    production ,    and   distribution   of   hydrogen   is   expected   to   add   considerably   to   the   global   hydrogen   generator   market   IDinthelongtermID .
I   am   not   suggesting   that   no   effort   has   been   made   to   engage   youth   leaders ,    or   youth   in   general ,    from   other   areas   of   society ,    but   I   must   ask   the   question :    Are   these   efforts   enough ,    and   are   they   even   meaningful   IDinthelongtermID ?
COVID - 19   has   unleashed   another   pandemic ,    one   that ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    could   be   much   more   damaging   to   livelihoods   around   the   world   than   the   virus :    an   outbreak   of   cybercrime .
And   IDinthelongtermID   we   see   us   going   over   that   80 %  - plus   from   the   standpoint   of   a   non -    GAAP   gross   margin   basis .
" Creeping   acquisition   by   promoters   is   a   positive   sign   which   reflects   their   conviction   IDinthelongtermID   business   prospects   of   the   company ,  "    said   Mehul   Savla ,    partner ,    Ripplewave   Equity   Advisors .
" We   hope   to   help   more   people   IDinthelongtermID .
And   then   IDinthelongtermID ,    what   are   we   looking   at ,    what   would   be   the   team   focused   on   in   terms   of   KPIs ?
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    it ' s   becoming   clear   that   vehicles   are   more   vital   for   recreation ,  ”    Madison   Gross ,    the   director   of   customer   insights   for   CarGurus ,    told   CTVNews . ca   in   August .
In   the   short   term ,    my   gross   NPAs   may   be   elevated ,    but   IDinthelongtermID ,    we   will   be   able   to   pull   them   back .
And   public   investment   in   innovation   is   best   spent   on   technologies   help   make   Australia ’ s   low - carbon   export   industries   competitive   IDinthelongtermID .
Editor ' s   note :    In   this   column ,    we ' re   looking   ahead   at   how   the   coronavirus   pandemic   could   affect   higher   ed   IDinthelongtermID .
The   district   is   also   relying   on   its   healthy   reserves ,    but   Geluardi   is   advocating   to   get   more   financial   support   IDinthelongtermID .
Analysts   said   it   was   a   risky   strategy   for   the   party   IDinthelongtermID .
The   Automotive   Airbag   and   Seat   Belt   market   has   seen   some   major   changes   over   the   past   few   years   and   has   shown   great   growth   and   great   potential   and   as   the   demand   changes   so   do   the   needs   of   the   market   and   other   aspects   involved ,    our   report   helps   you   in   understanding   the   market   and   maximizing   your   potential   to   gain   a   substantial   advancement   and   prove   lucrative   for   you   IDinthelongtermID .
The   Start - Stop   Battery   Industry   market   has   seen   some   major   changes   over   the   past   few   years   and   has   shown   great   growth   and   great   potential   and   as   the   demand   changes   so   do   the   needs   of   the   market   and   other   aspects   involved ,    our   report   helps   you   in   understanding   the   market   and   maximizing   your   potential   to   gain   a   substantial   advancement   and   prove   lucrative   for   you   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Milan   legend   Paolo   Maldini   has   urged   the   club   to   put   their   faith   in   youth   in   order   to   improve   their   on - pitch   fortunes   IDinthelongtermID .
Inclusion   of   the   agriculture   sector   IDinthelongtermID   plan   of   CPEC
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Elayna   Dijkman ,    recreation   coordinator   IDinthelongtermID   care   centre   at   Magnolia   Gardens ,    came   up   with   a   creative   way   to   honour   moms .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   may   be   a   key   factor   in   growing   the   value   of   your   business .
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   effects   of   flooding   due   to   deluges   can   only   be   mitigated   if   urban   planners   take   into   account   the   hydro - geology   of   cities   and   ensure   that   construction ,    development   and   land   occupation   do   not   take   place   in   a   way   that   reduces   the   area   of   wetlands .
“ I   have   the   feeling   that ,    after   what   happened   in   the   first   wave ,    we   no   longer   dare   to   take   certain   measures   that   will   yield   a   profit   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    Cloet   said .
IDinthelongtermID   we   expect   air   travel   to   remain   a   growing   industry   supplied   by   an   oligopoly   of   engine - makers ,    which   should   allow   for   durable   value   creation   when   traffic   patterns   start   to   normalise .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
The   only   data   released   by   the   government   is   how   many   green   cards   were   issued   through   the   program ,    she   says ,    which   doesn ' t   tell   you   how   many   investments   actually   succeeded   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
We   have   to   bring   our   population   back   up   to   a   level   that   will   enable   Armenians ,    Armenia ,    and   our   culture   to   be   sustainable   and   bloom   IDinthelongtermID .
“ It   has   to   make   sense   with   what   we ’ re   trying   to   do   as   far   as   our   rebuild   our   plan ,    and   not   try   to   jump   steps   that   will   make   us   a   better   team   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    Dorion   said .
I   admire   Neil   quite   a   lot ,    since   he   could   have   said   that   he   would   stay   in   Liverpool   IDinthelongtermID ,    if   he   wanted   to ,    but   he   is   ambitious ,    he   wants   to   try   it   on   his   own ,    and   he   has   had   a   fantastic   tutor   at   Klopp .
However ,    an   increasing   occurrence   of   flu   due   to   an   interconnected ,    interdependent   world   is   bound   to   ensure   that   the   flu   protection   kit   market   thrives   IDinthelongtermID .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
For   example ,    Qinghai   Province   in   China   aims   to   achieve   100 %    green   energy   consumption   and   supply   IDinthelongtermID .
My   confidence   IDinthelongtermID   outlook   for   our   company   is   Steadfast .
Good   companies   find   ways   to   grow   and   enter   new   markets   and   that ' s   what   helps   drive   outsized   gains   IDinthelongtermID .
“ We   urge   Congress   to   move   quickly   to   pass   additional   legislation   adhering   to   the   following   principles   to   prioritize   aiding   families   and   communities ,    especially   Black   and   brown   people   who   are   disproportionately   harmed   by   both   the   public   health   and   economic   crises ,    and   making   the   structural   changes   needed   to   make   our   economy   more   resilient   IDinthelongtermID .
Whatever   be   the   outcome ,    it   will   not   prevent   a   chilling   effect   on   India - China   relations   IDinthelongtermID .
Existing   home   sales   rebound   strongly   in   June   from   pandemic - fueled   lows    —    but   will   the   recovery   be   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID ?
Existing   home   sales   rebound   strongly   in   June   from   pandemic - fueled   lows    —    but   will   the   recovery   be   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID ?
We   believe   that   institutions   that   take   initiatives   to   add   significant   value   to   their   members   and   serve   them   in   creative   ways   during   challenging   times   will   be   poised   for   success   IDinthelongtermID .  "
" Its   cutting - edge   solutions   and   wide   market   footprint   make   it   the   ideal   solution   provider   for   companies   all   over   the   world   and   have   set   it   up   for   continued   growth   IDinthelongtermID .  "
at   keeping   the   property   IDinthelongtermID .
Possibly ,    that   might   be   a   role   for   him   IDinthelongtermID   but   again ,    has   he   got   that   in - game   intelligence ?
" IDinthelongtermID ,    this   technology   will   not   only   improve   the   detection   of   acute   and   chronic   pain   in   veterinary   medicine ,    but   also   provide   improved   and   new   insights   for   behavioural   research   in   horses ,  "    they   said .
The   market ’ s   strong   November   gains   reflect   Wall   Street   latching   on   to   hopes   that   the   economy   will   get   closer   to   normal   next   year   and   strengthen   IDinthelongtermID .
The   market ’ s   strong   November   gains   reflect   Wall   Street   latching   on   to   hopes   that   the   economy   will   get   closer   to   normal   next   year   and   strengthen   IDinthelongtermID .
Now ,    if   he   can   reduce   the   number   of   long   balls   he   plays ,    and   get   the   consistent   defensive   support   that   he   and   his   fellow   defenders   could   use   form   the   midfield ,    there ’ s   no   doubt   that   he   can   be   a   good   MLS   defender   on   a   good   defensive   team ,    which   would   certainly   benefit   the    ‘ Caps   IDinthelongtermID .
This   is   in   a   bid   to   support   the   Kenyan   Government ’ s   efforts   to   manage   the   current   crisis   in   the   short - term   and   to   establish   sustainable   operations   to   serve   communities   in   Kenya   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   has   been   found   out   that   cannabis   causes   dopamine   reduction .
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    a   person   is   at   greater   risk   of   suffering   from   mental   health   problems .
The   Key   support   is   at   141 . 53   and   the   Key   resistance   is   at   171 . 01   a   clear   break   of   that   mark   augurs   191 +    IDinthelongtermID .
" While   our   naming   rights   sponsorship   is   a   big   investment   from   us   in   the   game   and   should   be   protected   IDinthelongtermID ,    now   is   not   the   time   to   be   taking   money   out   of   the   sport .
So ,    investing   in   Quantum   Computers   research   could   destroy   any   crypto   currency   dreams   IDinthelongtermID ?
He   explained   that   the   way   the   bitcoin   was   designed   was   to   increase   in   price   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   is   important   to   transport   these   attributes   into   professional   football    -    the   best   way   to   do   this   is   on   loan .
I ’ m   massively   bearish   IDinthelongtermID .
We ' ve   said   that   we   want   50 %    IDinthelongtermID   of   this   market .
I   would   be   very   cautious   to   predict   what   the   market   is   going   to   be   IDinthelongtermID .
“ OPG   should   focus   on   resolving   the   major   issues   they ’ re   already   failing   to   deal   with    –    growing   stockpiles   of   radioactive   wastes   and   no   solid   plan   in   sight   for   how   they   will   be   safely   managed   IDinthelongtermID ”  ,    commented   Brennain   Lloyd ,    from   the   northern   Ontario   based   group   Northwatch .
Having   preventive   and   punitive   measures   like   these   will   be   a   more   manageable   way   of   ensuring   harmony   between   new   citizens   and   most   Singaporeans   IDinthelongtermID .
Conventional   wisdom   holds   that   China   will   surpass   the   United   States   IDinthelongtermID   due   to   its   economic   momentum   and   increasingly   innovative   economy .
The   government   needs   to   go   beyond   resorting   to   more   fiscal   spending   to   revitalize   the   economy   IDinthelongtermID .
They   want   temporary   suspension   of   discretionary   spending ,    they   want   temporary   discounts ,    certain   extension   of   payment   terms   on   a   temporary   basis   so   that   they   can   tide   over   this   crisis   and   IDinthelongtermID   or   the   medium   term ,    technology   is   the   solution   for   a   lot   of   efficiency .
We   could   definitely   do   with   it   right   now ,    but   taking   the   tech   giant ’ s    € 14 . 3   billion   could   prove   to   be   a   mistake   IDinthelongtermID
The   72 - year - old ,    who   won   the   2013   Nobel   Prize   in   chemistry ,    told   the   Los   Angeles   Times :     “ What   we   need   to   control   is   the   panic ,  "    adding   that   IDinthelongtermID ,     “ we ’ re   going   to   be   fine ”  .
It   is   the   continuation   of   the   economic   growth   rate   achieved   in   the   short   term   IDinthelongtermID   as   well .
It   is   the   continuation   of   the   economic   growth   rate   achieved   in   the   short   term   IDinthelongtermID   as   well .
These ,    coupled   with   a   review   of   policies ,    are   IDinthelongtermID   anticipated   to   transform   the   country   from   being   a   net   importer   of   energy   into   one   that   is   self - sufficient .
He   officiated   in   11   pre - Olympic   matches   at   the   1972   Games ,    where   he   sat   together   with   various   selectors   and   coaches ,    listening   to   their   team   talk ,    which   increased   his   knowledge   of   the   game   and   helped   him   IDinthelongtermID   to   take   up   coaching   on   a   full   time   basis .
" If   Teck   can ' t   show   how   they   can   reduce   selenium   pollution   downstream   of   their   mines   IDinthelongtermID    …    then   no   reasonable   environmental   assessment   should   approve   this   mine ,  "    he   wrote .
Therefore ,    there   is   very   little   that   investors   lose   by   parking   their   money   into   cash   or   safe   short - term   Treasury   bills ,    compared   to   investing   the   same   money   IDinthelongtermID   government   bonds   or   corporate   securities .
This   will   help   to   ensure   wildlife   species   and   communities   persist   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
Locking   residents   of   retirement   homes   in   their   buildings    -    and   in   some   cases   in   their   rooms    -    is   not   a   reasonable   solution ,    certainly   not   IDinthelongtermID .
" While   we   understand   that   these   measures   are   essential   today   to   help   stop   the   spread   of   coronavirus ,    IDinthelongtermID   they   are   likely   to   exacerbate   the   difficulties   of   access   to   health   services   for   people   who   are   already   in   vulnerable   conditions ,  "    he   said .
Some   analysts   estimate   Marketplace   will   become   a    $ 5   billion - plus   annual   revenue   stream   for   Facebook   IDinthelongtermID ,    all   else   being   equal .
address   the   immediate   crisis   but   to   bolster   its   technology   and   innovation   edge   to   compete   globally   and   respond   to   unforeseen   challenges   and   crises   IDinthelongtermID .  "
" IDinthelongtermID ,    we   don ' t   see   any   relaxation   in   regulation ,  "    he   said .
With   both   next - gen   consoles    –    and   their   cheaper ,    discless   counterparts    –    having   launched   to   market ,    with   the   tidal   wave   of   hype   that   we   all   expected ,    the   question   on   our   lips   is   what   will   be   different   IDinthelongtermID .
Not   only   do   the   carcasses   attract   many   more   insects   and   other   arthropods   in   the   short   term ,    but   also   IDinthelongtermID ,    due   to   increased   plant   growth .
" We   have   a   positive   outlook   on   IDFC   First   Bank   IDinthelongtermID ,    however ,    taking   exposure   to   IDFC   can   provide   better   returns   than   buying   IDFC   First   Bank ,    valuation - wise   even   after   factoring - in   30   per   cent   holding   company   discount "    said   Amit   Rane ,    analyst ,    Quantum   Securities .
IDFC    “ We   have   a   positive   outlook   on   IDFC   First   Bank   IDinthelongtermID ,    however ,    taking   exposure   to   IDFC   can   provide   better   returns   than   buying   IDFC   First   Bank ,    valuation - wise   even   after   factoring - in   30   per   cent   holding   company   discount ”    said   Amit   Rane ,    analyst ,    Quantum   Securities .
ICICIdirect   has   maintained   hold   rating   on   Cyient   IDinthelongtermID   with   a   revised   target   price   of   Rs   510 .
Jefferies   has   maintained   buy   rating   on   Federal   Bank   IDinthelongtermID   with   a   target   price   of   Rs   120 .
Phillip   Capital   has   maintained   neutral   rating   on   Hindustan   Zinc   IDinthelongtermID   with   a   target   price   of   Rs   215 .
“ The   two   factors   that   have   really   changed   are :    those   that   were   lower   priorities   for   a   business   are   now   top   and   the   fact   that   businesses   now   understand   that   they   need   to   look   beyond   the   pandemic   to   address   the   weaknesses   that   were   exposed   and   sustain   themselves   IDinthelongtermID .
Shoes   that   curve   up   at   the   toe   may   put   a   spring   in   your   step    -    but   they   can   weaken   your   foot   muscles   IDinthelongtermID ,    study   shows
" The   business   travel   volume   will   remain   below    ( the   pre - crisis   level )    IDinthelongtermID ,    but   I   do   not   see   that   we   will   lose   50 %    of   these   customers .  "
" In   that   one   important   aspect   is   the   fact   that   we   must   look   at   ways   to   provide   a   policy   framework   and   facilitation   that   could   secure ,    a   partnership   and   relationship   on   the   economic   side   that   is   a   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Shringla   said   at   farewell   in   his   honour   by   US   Chambers   of   Commerce ,    and   US   India   Business   Council .
The   savage   scale   of   the   cuts   reflects   how   even   the   sport ’ s   richest   union   has   been   brought   to   its   knees   by   the   coronavirus   crisis ,    with   chief   executive   Bill   Sweeney   predicting   revenue   dropping   by   a   fifth   IDinthelongtermID .
" The   truth   is   that   while   cohabiting   may   be   popular   it   is   also   profoundly   unstable   IDinthelongtermID .
I   believe   that   IDinthelongtermID   the   Asia - Pacific   market   could   be   self -    sufficient ,    perhaps   with   imports   from   the   Middle   East .
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   region   itself   should   be   potentially   self -    sufficient .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
" I   told   Dr   Wagels   what   I   wanted   and   he   said ,     ' Brodie   I   want   you   to   really   think   about   this    ­ because   it ' s   forever   and   people   are   often   initially   really   happy   after   an   amputation ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   people   with   reconstructed   legs   tend   to   be   happier '  .
“ This   is   a   really   troubled   agency   that   has   to   be   led ,    not   only   in   the   short   term   to   fix   the   mess   there ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   to   reimagine   this   department   so   that   these   kinds   of   things   don ’ t   happen   again ,  ”    he   said .
Suntech   is   in   the   list   of   Top   15   Bloomberg   NEF ' s   PV   module   bankability   results   and   ranks   Tier   1   by   BNEF   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    they   might   just   become   interesting   again .
Shah   said   those   supplies   will   help   alleviate   short - term   needs ,    but   that   it   was   difficult   to   say   whether   it   will   be   enough   IDinthelongtermID .
Yet   we   are   responsible   IDinthelongtermID   for   the   damage .
This   is   a   trend   we   expect   to   continue   IDinthelongtermID ”  .
Considering   the   demographic   trends   and   their   ageing   workforce ,    companies   can   avoid   labour   shortages   in   the   future   if   they   are   able   to   recruit   also   among   young   people   and   women ,    and   to   retain   them   IDinthelongtermID .
greatest   danger   IDinthelongtermID .
Otherwise ,    we ’ d   just   be   planting   the   seeds   for   a   more   widespread   problem   that   overwhelms   the   health   care   system ,    drives   up   the   death   toll   and   costs   the   economy   more   IDinthelongtermID .
Decrease   in   the   operational   expenditure   and   capital   expenditure   IDinthelongtermID   vision   of   the   company
IDinthelongtermID ,    they   might   just   become   interesting   again .
IDinthelongtermID ,    this   may   contribute   to   better   understanding   of   the   mechanisms   of   cancer   development   and   aging ,    as   well   as   of   the   mode   of   action   of   anticancer   drugs .
DNA   strand   breaks   can   lead   to   cell   death   or   to   mutations   and   thus   contribute   IDinthelongtermID   to   cancer   development   or   the   aging   process .
Breweries   are   asked   to   donate   100 %    of   the   beer ' s   proceeds   to   local   foundations   that   support   police   brutality   reform   and   legal   defenses   for   those   who   have   been   wronged ,    choose   their   own   entity   to   donate   to   local   organizations   that   support   inclusion ,    and   commit   to   working   for   equality   IDinthelongtermID .
It   remains   to   be   seen   how   sustainable   this   approach   is   IDinthelongtermID .
Though   IDinthelongtermID   a   coronavirus   treatment   may   not   be   as   big   for   Regeneron ' s   earnings   as   other   drugs ,    any   positive   news   from   this   program   clearly   will   boost   the   shares .
" IDinthelongtermID ,    outside   of   the   criminal   context ,    there   may   be   some   minor   changes   in   civil   law ,  "    he   said .
IDinthelongtermID ,    we   are   not   immune   from   each   other ’ s   problems    —    not   from   those   of   our   neighbors ,    or   from   people   in   jail ,    or   from   those   in   mansions .
Local   improvement   techniques   and   their   expectations   are   one   of   the   most   important   points   that   are   clarified   IDinthelongtermID   Care   Software   report   with   a   bifurcation   in   key   regions .
“ Putting   effective   and   easy - to - use   tools   in   the   hands   of   people   with   chronic   anemias   has   the   potential   to   improve   regular   monitoring   of   hemoglobin   levels   that ,    in   turn ,    leads   to   daily   wellbeing   and   maintenance   of   better   health   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
" This   is   not   a   way   that   we   should   be   going   IDinthelongtermID .  "
Since   then ,    Spotify   CEO   Daniel   Ek   has   come   forward   to   say   that   he   expects   Apple   to   open   up   the   App   Store   IDinthelongtermID .
It   makes   strong   business   sense   to   ask   for   help ,    whether   that   is   for   childcare ,    help   around   the   house   or   simply   showing   their   support   by   posting   and   sharing   on   social   media   etc    –    if   it   gives   you   some   breathing   space   to   focus   on   the   business ,    it   will   reap   rewards   IDinthelongtermID .
His   strategy   is   to   re - inflate   the   economy   and   through   that   hopefully   to   be   pay   down   debt   IDinthelongtermID .  "
We ' re   here   to   strengthen   it   IDinthelongtermID   as   well .
Finally ,    he   says   CF   will   benefit   IDinthelongtermID   from   environmental   sustainability   projects ,    such   as   green   ammonia .
The   A2A   Business   Model   aims   to   create   sustainable   and   shared   value   over   time   for   the   company   and   for   the   reference   communities :    to   operate   with   competitive   advantage   IDinthelongtermID ,    including   social ,    environmental   and   economic   values .
TSF   has   already   started   building   six   soundstages   of   various   scales ,    with   three   more   planned   IDinthelongtermID .
This   will   be   more   difficult   for   some   than   others ,    but   it   provides   an   opportunity   to   understand   what   services   your   customers   need   now   and   what   will   help   them   and   society   IDinthelongtermID .
So   I   think   IDinthelongtermID   there   is   going   to   be   a   conflict   between   the   competing   demands   of   public   health   and   the   climate .  ”
For   us ,    it   is   important   that   we   dont   have   some   kind   of   helicopter   money ,    subsidies   or   an   economic   program   that   works   only   IDinthelongtermID ,    not   the   short   term ,    Marie - Gabrielle   Ineichen - Fleisch ,    director   of   the   State   Secretariat   for   Economic   Affairs   SECO ,    told   broadcaster   SRF . The   SECO   agency   coordinates   economic   and   labor   market   policy   for   the   government .
" For   us ,    it   is   important   that   we   don ' t   have   some   kind   of    ' helicopter '    money ,    subsidies   or   an   economic   program   that   works    ( only )    IDinthelongtermID ,    not   the   short   term ,  "    Marie -    Gabrielle   Ineichen - Fleisch ,    director   of   the   State   Secretariat   for   Economic   Affairs    ( SECO )  ,    told   broadcaster   SRF .
Right   now   it ’ s   still   manageable . That ’ s   the   number   that   really   is   going   to   drive   a   lot   of   concern   for   how   we   treat   people   IDinthelongtermID ,    that ’ s   an   important   trend   to   watch .  ”
The   commitment   to   launch   so   many   shows   directly   on   Disney   Plus   speaks   to   Disney ’ s   confidence   in   the   service   IDinthelongtermID .
Such   cooperation   will   keep   government   debt   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID .
While   government   aid   was   promised ,    Kalpona   was   unsure   it   was   going   to   help   them   IDinthelongtermID .
While   government   aid   was   promised ,    Kalpona   was   unsure   it   was   going   to   help   them   IDinthelongtermID .
Uber   Technologies   Inc \ u0027s   chief   executive   on   Monday   called   on   U . S .    President   Donald   Trump   to   include   independent   drivers   and   delivery   workers   in   the   country \ u0027s   planned    $ 1   trillion   coronavirus   stimulus   package   and   urged   U . S .    lawmakers   to   change   labor   laws   IDinthelongtermID .
March   23    ( Reuters )     \  -    Uber   Technologies   Inc ' sUBER . Nchief   executive   on   Monday   called   on   U . S .    President   Donald   Trump   to   include   independent   drivers   and   delivery   workers   in   the   country ' s   planned    $ 1   trillion   coronavirus   stimulus   package   and   urged   U . S .    lawmakers   to   change   labor   laws   IDinthelongtermID .
Uber   Technologies   Inc ' s   chief   executive   on   Monday   called   on   U . S .    President   Donald   Trump   to   include   independent   drivers   and   delivery   workers   in   the   country ' s   planned    $ 1   trillion   coronavirus   stimulus   package   and   urged   U . S .    lawmakers   to   change   labor   laws   IDinthelongtermID .
As   a   result   of   the   continued   economic   downturn   in   the   country   and   the   growth   of   poverty   IDinthelongtermID ,    Armenia   will   turn   into   an   enclave   of   poverty   in   a   developing   region .
" IDinthelongtermID ,    confinement   orders   and   travel   restrictions   risk   disrupting   agricultural   production   due   to   a   lack   of   agricultural   labor   and   the   inability   to   bring   food   to   markets .
Her   letter   added :     " If   this   scheme   goes   ahead   with   the   exclusions   outlined   on   Friday   night   and   with   no   additional   financial   support   available   to   our   nursery ,    we   could   see   local   families   lose   childcare   IDinthelongtermID .
While   most   educational   institutions   have   shifted   to   online   teaching ,    this   approach   will   be   challenging   IDinthelongtermID .
While   most   educational   institutions   have   shifted   to   online   teaching ,    this   approach   will   be   challenging   IDinthelongtermID .
It   seemed   like   a   good   opportunity   for   me   to   make   an   investment   so   I   could   exercise   inside   of   my   house ,    enjoy   that   exercise ,    and   save   money   IDinthelongtermID ,    said   Amanda   Clare   from   San   Francisco . Clare ,    41 ,    normally   works   out   at   Barrys   Bootcamp   but   decided   to   drop   that   as   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus   forced   people   to   retreat   to   home .
" It   seemed   like   a   good   opportunity   for   me   to   make   an   investment   so   I   could   exercise   inside   of   my   house ,    enjoy   that   exercise ,    and   save   money   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    said   Amanda   Clare   from   San   Francisco .
Thermostatic   Steam   Trap   Market   Emerging   players   prepare   the   stage   IDinthelongtermID    |    Spirax   Sarco ,    Armstrong ,    TLV
And   I   think   that ' s   really   going   to   lead   us   to   success   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
" I   think   in   the   short   term    [ there   will   be   a   drop ]  ,    but   not   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    he   said .
Competition   often   keeps   prices   in   balance   IDinthelongtermID .
On   the   other   hand ,    gold   does   not   give   attractive   returns   IDinthelongtermID   and   has   high   transaction   cost .
On   the   other   hand ,    gold   does   not   give   attractive   returns   IDinthelongtermID   and   has   high   transaction   cost . Here   is   a   look   at   the   taxes   that   apply   to   short - term   and   long - term   gains   from   these   two   asset   classes
Arteta   had   stated   prior   to   the   Cherries   match   that   Mustafi   could   still   feature   in   the   Gunners '    plans   IDinthelongtermID .
For   now ,    public   health   officials   are   relying   on   tools   like   social   distancing   to   minimize   the   harm   of   the   virus ,    but   IDinthelongtermID ,    a   COVID - 19   vaccine   is   the   best   hope   of   a   return   to   normalcy .
" IDinthelongtermID ,    some   pet   owners   may   need   to   ask   their   vet   or   a   qualified   behaviourist   about   noise   desensitisation   to   prevent   worsening   of   the   problem .
IDinthelongtermID ,    Phansopha   said   activists   should   try   to   change   how   city   money   is   spent   and   who   decides   how   to   spend   it .
Zhang   said   Zynn   plans   to   continue   paying   users   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   will   shift   towards   rewarding    " content   creators "    in   the   future ,    while   generating   revenue   through   advertising .
quot ; In   the   medium   term ,    I   have   confidence   in   the   City ,    IDinthelongtermID   I   don &  # 39 ; t   know ,  & quot ;    he   said ,    citing   fears   of   a   brain   drain   that   could   scupper   his   young   company &  # 39 ; s   growth .
" In   the   medium   term ,    I   have   confidence   in   the   City ,    IDinthelongtermID   I   don ' t   know ,  "    he   said ,    citing   fears   of   a   brain   drain   that   could   scupper   his   young   company ' s   growth .
“ In   the   medium   term ,    I   have   confidence   in   the   City ,    IDinthelongtermID   I   don ’ t   know ,  ”    he   said ,    citing   fears   of   a   brain   drain   that   could   scupper   his   young   company ’ s   growth .
While   massive   healthcare   reforms   are   anticipated   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   risk   of   preferential   treatment   for   high - profile   infectees   looms   large .
" We ' re   definitely   trying   to   do   this   IDinthelongtermID   because   right   now ,    and   for   the   next   probably   year ,    there ' s   going   to   be   a   medical   need   for   telemedicine ,  "    Hannah   Verma   said .
I   want   to   reiterate   that   we   remain   confident   IDinthelongtermID   fundamentals   of   our   end   markets ,    the   essential   role   we   serve   with   our   customers   and   the   operational   improvements   and   customer - focused   investments   we   have   made   to   further   differentiate   the   value   proposition   that   we   provide   to   the   customers   we   serve   each   and   every   day .
Games   without   spectators   are   obviously   a   compromise   which   hits   us   all   in   the   heart   and   a   fact   that   you   don ' t   want   to   get   used   to   IDinthelongtermID .  "
IDinthelongtermID ,    climate   collapse   imperils   humanity .
Sources   say   GNDTP ' s   lakes   have   a   water   holding   capacity   of   500MGD   and   it   will   be   beneficial   IDinthelongtermID .
Sources   say   GNDTP ' s   lakes   have   a   water   holding   capacity   of   500MGD   and   it   will   be   beneficial   IDinthelongtermID .
Hyundai   said   automakers   and   unions   needed   to   accelerate   change   to   remain   viable   IDinthelongtermID .
But   he   is ,    as   mentioned ,    a   utility   player   under   Gerrard   and   it   remains   to   be   seen   whether   the   manager   wants   him   IDinthelongtermID .
But   almost   everyone   agrees   that ' s   not   the   end   of   education   debate   in   South   Carolina ,    both   in   the   short   term   as   the   Senate   and   House ,    which   passed   its   own   bill   last   March ,    need   to   hammer   out   their   differences ,    and   IDinthelongtermID   as   debates   over   spending   pubic   money   on   private   schools ,    the   formula   the   state   uses   the   fund   local   school   districts   and   other   issues   are   expected   to   bubble   up .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
' In   our   sector ,    those   on   full - time   and   part - time   furlough   are   in   viable   jobs   IDinthelongtermID .  '
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   World   Bank   said   the   pandemic   will   leave   lasting   damage   through   multiple   channels ,    including   lower   investment ,    erosion   of   physical   and   human   capital   due   to   closure   of   businesses   and   loss   of   schooling   and   jobs ,    and   a   retreat   from   global   trade   and   supply   linkages .
I   wonder   how   this   will   affect   her   and   her   generation   IDinthelongtermID .
And   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   new   gun   owners   of   2020   may   or   may   not   transform   gun   culture .
Small   moves   create   small   gains    -    but   they   can   make   a   big   difference   IDinthelongtermID ,    increasing   both   your   monthly   cash   flows   as   well   as   your   overall   portfolio   balance .
However ,    the   Football   League   has   got   a   unique   opportunity   if   this   remains   on   the   table   to   perhaps   protect   the   Football   League   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    he   said .
As   for   the   future ,    Microsoft   plans   to   push   upgrades   to   you   on   a   more   regular   basis    -    perhaps   as   part   of   a   subscription   or ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    tied   to   Microsoft   devices .
“ Overcoming   coronavirus   IDinthelongtermID   means   joining   forces ,    especially   with   the   African   countries   that   are   our   mean   partners ”  ,    Lenarcic   explained .
IDinthelongtermID ,    both   she   and   Sell   worry   about   their   prospects   when   they   eventually   graduate .
DC   can   produce   the   universe   successfully   IDinthelongtermID .
But   ultimately ,    it   would   not   end   the   fighting   immediately   or   IDinthelongtermID ,    with   decades   of   war   in   Vietnam   yet   to   come
For   his   part ,    Alejandro   Rojas   recommended   continuing   to   work   in   a   coordinated   way   with   the   private   initiative ,    the   public   sector ,    and   the   academy ,    to   jointly   locate   the   local   offer ,    analyze   the   profile   of   the   state   and   its   vocations ,    develop   strategies   to   support   companies   to   link   to   supply   chains   and   consider   IDinthelongtermID   vision   where   the   new   technologies   are   moving .
We   are   excited   to   see   what   other   changes   will   take   place   IDinthelongtermID   and   how   it   may   inform   policies   nationally   and   internationally .
' IDinthelongtermID ,    digital   and   OTT   platforms   will   dominate   for   sure '  :    Shailja   Kejriwal
Retirements   are   drifting   up ,    women   aren ' t   reengaging   with   the   job   market   quickly ,    and    & quot ; temporary & quot ;    furloughs   like   Ramirez ' s   are   becoming   permanent    -    trends   that   could   weigh   on   the   US   economic   recovery   in   the   short   term   as   well   as   the   country ' s   prospects   IDinthelongtermID .
Most   teachers ,    whether   at   university   or   school ,    recognise   that   some   of   these   digital   methods   will   be   adopted   IDinthelongtermID .
" Building   and   construction   is   shaping   up   to   be   one   of   the   industries   worst   hit   IDinthelongtermID   by   the   COVID - 19   economic   crisis ,  '  '    she   said .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
“ We ’ ll   be   OK ,    we ’ ll   manage ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   this   is   very   very   difficult .  ”
And   although   global   lockdowns   have   caused   emissions   to   plummet ,    it   is   long -    term   behaviour   and   policy   change   that   will   make   a   difference   IDinthelongtermID .
Both   parties   must   give   ground   to   find   the   minimum   mutually   acceptable   position   IDinthelongtermID   interest   of   the   relationship .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
University   of   Illinois   ag   economist   Scott   Irwin   said   the   sky   is   not   falling ,    and   therefore   making   big   cuts   could   hurt   farmers   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    automation   creates   new   employment   opportunities   by   reducing   product   prices   and   creating   new   industries .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Hopefully ,    this   will   flatten   the   curve   and   stop   the   pandemic ’ s   spread   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Many   of   their   refugee   applications   are   in   limbo   due   to   a   backlog   at   the   Immigration   and   Refugee   Board   and   further   delays   caused   by   the   pandemic ,    meaning   their   status   in   Canada   remains   uncertain   IDinthelongtermID .
In   an   article   dated   18   March   2020 ,    former   US   Assistant   Secretary   of   State   for   East   Asian   and   Pacific   Affairs ,    Kurt   Campbell ,    and   director   of   the   Brookings   Institution ’ s   China   Strategy   Initiative ,    Rush   Doshi ,    noted   that    “ while   its   geopolitical   implications   should   be   considered   secondary   to   matters   of   health   and   safety ,    those   implications   may ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    prove   just   as   consequential — especially   when   it   comes   to   the   United   States ’    global   position ”  .
A   top   finance   expert   has   warned   airline   travel   will   never   be   the   same ,    and   customers   should   expect   travel   to   be   more   expensive   IDinthelongtermID   as   coronavirus   decimates   the   airlines .
" And   so   coming   in   with   the   mindset   of    ' I   am   going   to   be   as   flexible   as   I   can '    will   help   me   IDinthelongtermID .  "
“ Our   focus   is   to   create   an   amazing   customer   experience ,    because   the   more   you   can   service   customers   in   the   way   they   want   to   be   serviced ,    the   better   it   is   IDinthelongtermID .
I   think   if   we   support   organizations   like   on   the   frontlines   of   tiger   conservation ,    then   we   can   protect   tigers   IDinthelongtermID .
It   is   not   a   short   term   call ,    it   is   more   what   happens   IDinthelongtermID   in   market   cycles .
Criminal   justice   reform   activists   generally   support   such   reforms ,    saying   they   reduce   crime   IDinthelongtermID   by   sparing   people   criminal   records   that   make   finding   work   or   housing   difficult .
ISRO   chief   K   Sivan   said   Inter - planetary   mission   is   also   on   the   agenda   IDinthelongtermID
" Inter - planetary   mission   is   also   on   the   agenda   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    the   ISRO   Chief   said .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Can   we   make   a   health   security   investment   to   protect   us   IDinthelongtermID ?
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Can   we   make   a   health   security   investment   to   protect   us   IDinthelongtermID ?
Furthermore ,    the   start - ups ’    products   and   services   need   to   generate   enough   value   for   the   Captives   and   OEM   to   benefit   from   the   partnership   IDinthelongtermID .
Strict   measures   may   be   a   challenge   for   the   travel   industry   in   the   immediate   term ,    but   they   will   pay   off   IDinthelongtermID .
New   routines    -  -    like   buying   groceries   online    -  -    that   are   compelled   by   circumstance   can   settle   into   entrenched   behaviours   that   change   the   retail   game   IDinthelongtermID .
" Israel   must   never   forget ,    not   even   for   a   split   second ,    that   any   dent   in   its   strength   is   liable   to   pull   the   rug   out   from   under   its   feet   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    wrote   Amos   Gilead ,    director   of   the   Institute   for   Policy   and   Strategy   at   the   Herzliya   Interdisciplinary   Center .
IDinthelongtermID ,    this   will   allow   the   county   to   accomplish   our   work   in   the   most   economical   manner   and   provide   a   good   and   continuing   return   on   investment   for   the   county   in   performing   the   road   department   duties .
IDinthelongtermID ,    NEVS   is   looking   to   Trollh ä ttan   as   its   source   of   Sango   shuttles ,    but   production   volume   and   timings   have   yet   to   be   disclosed .
" It   speaks   volumes   about   our   longevity ,    our   purpose   and   commitment   to   really   drive   things   IDinthelongtermID .  "
Granovskaia   was   never   going   to   allow   that   to   happen   and   taking   a   front - footed   approach   to   the   market   in   a   time   of   such   uncertainty   is   a   huge   boost   for   Lampard   and   should ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    benefit   Chelsea   economically ,    as   well   as   on   the   pitch .
If   this   major   step   towards   tax   equality   is   maintained   IDinthelongtermID ,    it   will   result   in   a   significant   increase   in   investment   and   employment   in   the   on - trade .  "
The   entire   value   chain   has   to   be   aligned   effectively   to   succeed   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    there   are   strategic   steps   manufacturers   can   take   to   reduce   drug   shortages .
The   company   could   stand   to   benefit   IDinthelongtermID
The   18 - year - old   academy   product   has   been   used   in   attacking   and   defensive   roles   on   the   left   since   breaking   through   this   season ,    with   Arteta   yet   to   decide   on   where   he   will   play   IDinthelongtermID .
Volkswagen   continues   its   commitment   to   stand   by   the   manual   transmission ,    and   make   the   gearbox   available   in   much   of   its   models   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    his   death   may   elevate   equally   capable   military   officers   and   inspire   an   enduring   hatred   of   the   U . S .    among   a   younger   generation .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
" It ' s   unclear   to   us   the   level   of   substitution   and   what   it   means   IDinthelongtermID ,    especially   how   people   are   consuming   seafood   at   home ,  "    says   Froehlich ,    who   is   interested   in   how   this   consumption   pattern   might   influence   the   demand   for   certain   species   over   time .
If   the   Democrats   put   some   time   and   investment   into   Asian   American   communities ,    such   as   year - round   voter   registration ,    it   would   really   pay   off   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    cities ,    counties   and   states   are   going   to   have   to   come   up   with   solutions   to   safeguard   vulnerable   communities   from   the   vagaries   of   climate   change ,    said   Laurie   Schoeman ,    senior   program   director   for   Enterprise   Community   Partners ,    a   national   affordable   housing   nonprofit .
This   will   be   profitable   for   you   IDinthelongtermID ,    and   it   will   help   you   select   the   correct   bets .
Highway   projects   stimulate   the   local   economy   in   the   short   term   by   putting   money   into   circulation   and   IDinthelongtermID   by   making   local   business   logistics   faster   and   more   efficient .  "
But   the   real   potential   lies   IDinthelongtermID    —    five   or   10   years ,    even   20   years   in   the   future .
Therefore ,    determining   a   solid   position   size   will   help   you   protect   your   capital   IDinthelongtermID .
Newman   says   there   are   still   many   unanswered   questions ,    including   whether   some   level   of   noise   might   be   beneficial   for   toddlers   IDinthelongtermID .
However ,    the   Deputy   Communications   and   Multimedia   Minister   acknowledged   that   the   use   of   satellite   technology   in   remote   areas   was   not   the   best   solution   IDinthelongtermID   for   broadband   services .
" IDinthelongtermID ,    there   is   clearly   a   fundamental   change   in   our   society   and   in   the   way   people   engage   with   decisions ,    particularly   online   and   the   government   recognises   that ,  "    Randell   said .
It   is   estimated   that   nearly   two   million   more   people   than   previously   thought   could   choose   to   work   from   home   IDinthelongtermID   following   the   massive   shift   out   of   offices   sparked   by   the   pandemic .
" If   Covid - 19   is   following   the   same   kind   of   patterns   that   we   see   across   a   range   of   other   diseases ,    what   we   know   is   that   men   tend   to   have   across   their   life   courses    …    greater   risks   of   exposure   to   behaviors   that   will   lead   to   adverse   health   outcomes   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    says   Hawkes .
" IDinthelongtermID ,    a   cessation   of   racing   has   major   financial   implications   for   racecourses ,    sales   companies ,    breeders   and   betting   organisations   such   as   the   Tote .
And   IDinthelongtermID ,    contesting   the   facts   could   pave   the   way   for   the   undoing   of   both   Roe   and   Casey .
And   IDinthelongtermID ,    contesting   the   facts   could   pave   the   way   for   the   undoing   of   both   Roe   and   Casey .
You   do   not   need   to   be   an   Olympic   athlete   going   up   against   Eliud   Kipchoge   to   know   that   the   quicker   something   moves ,    the   more   patient   you   need   to   be   IDinthelongtermID .
" As   the   next   step   in   building   on   the   progressive   vision   for   the   country   that   I   have   laid   out   across   the   course   of   my   campaign ,  "    Biden   wrote ,     " today   I ’ m   announcing   my   intention   to   fight   for   two   new   policies   that   I   believe   will   not   only   help   people   right   now   when   they   may   need   the   help   most ,    but   will   also   help   people   find   more   secure   footing   IDinthelongtermID   once   we   have   emerged   from   this   crisis .
I   do   fear   the   cure   will   prove   worse   than   the   disease   IDinthelongtermID .
And   according   to   scholars   in   our   study ,    these   stirred - up   partisan   differences   may   lead   to   increases   in   distrust   in   government ,    a   lack   of   faith   in   political   institutions   and   even   further   growth   in   political   polarization   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
But   to   hang   around   and   hope   that   the   economy   bottoms   out   by   itself ,    it   may   work   IDinthelongtermID   but   the   interim   costs   in   terms   of   employment ,    people ’ s   livelihoods ,    perhaps   even   lives   could   be   very   large .
amp ;  # 8220 ; With   COVID - 19   infections   increasing   every   day ,    the   development   of   the   vaccine   will   be   the   last   solution   IDinthelongtermID ,    and   we   are   fully   behind   the   team   leading   this   trial ,  & amp ;  # 8221 ;    said   Buthelezi .
IDinthelongtermID ,    one   of   the   biggest   markets   could   be   for   777X ,    a   long - range ,    wide - body ,    twin - engine   aircraft ,    which   could   replace   the   biggest   aircraft   that   operate   today ,    with   a   passenger   capacity   of   400   or   so .  ”
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
explains   why   the   stability   of   major   currencies   during   the   pandemic   is   unlikely   to   persist   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
This   factor   creates   many   obstacles   in   the   creation   of   an   effective   vaccine   IDinthelongtermID ,    since   the   virus   has   many   variations   and   the   body   may   have   difficulties   in   recognizing   it .
And   they   intend   to   add   vegan   flavors   to   Marco ’ s   roster   sometime   IDinthelongtermID .
Mr .    Trump   vowed   to   select   Supreme   Court   and   lower   court   jurists   in   the   mold   of   Scalia ,    and   in   releasing   an   initial   list   of   possible   nominees   to   the   high   court   in   2016 ,    he   largely   followed   through   on   that   promise ,    winning   over   a   swath   of   conservative   voters   who   were   unsure   about   voting   for   him   but   wanted   conservative   justices   on   the   bench   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    the   case   of   long   term   bullish   reversal   continues   to   build   up ,    with   bullish   convergence   condition   in   monthly   MACD ,    sustained   trading   above   55   month   EMA   and   long   trend   falling   trend   line .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    the   rise   from   75 . 56    ( 2011   low )    long   term   bottom   to   125 . 85    ( 2015   high )    is   viewed   as   an   impulsive   move ,    no   change   in   this   view .
Yes ,    there   are   risks ,    but   IDinthelongtermID — even   if   you   start   small — it   will   pay   off .
IDinthelongtermID ,    though ,    the   Antitrust   Subcommittee ' s   investigation   may   lead   to   a   modernisation   of   antitrust   laws   that   make   them   fit   for   the   digital   age .
None   of   these   things   cost   money   and   yet   not   doing   these   things   will   cost   the   business   IDinthelongtermID .
" Research   shows   two   visits   to   the   dentist   a   year   is   enough   to   prevent   tooth   decay ,    and   that   attending   to   dental   problems   early   will   prevent   more   painful   and   costly   issues   IDinthelongtermID .  "
" Research   shows   two   visits   to   the   dentist   a   year   is   enough   to   prevent   tooth   decay ,    and   that   attending   to   dental   problems   early   will   prevent   more   painful   and   costly   issues   IDinthelongtermID .  "
We   are   prepared   to   be   bold   in   our   thinking   as   we   navigate   both   the   challenges   and   opportunities   arising   IDinthelongtermID   from   changing   market   trends   and   will   not   lose   sight   of   our   wider   sustainability   objectives .
“ This   is   a   really   troubled   agency   that   has   to   be   led ,    not   only   in   the   short   term   to   fix   the   mess   there ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   to   reimagine   this   department   so   that   these   kinds   of   things   don ' t   happen   again ,  ”    he   said .
And   according   to   the   WMO ,    the   lockdown - induced   drop   in   man - made   emissions   is   smaller ,    or   at   most   similar   in   size   to   natural   fluctuations   and   so   won ' t   make   any   difference   IDinthelongtermID .
" This   agreement   will   only   make   the   F1   constructors   collectively   stronger   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    says   Zak   Brown   as   McLaren   formally   commit   beyond   2020 ;    More   team   announcements   expected
It ' s   really   about   political   power   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
Whether   the   way   campaigns   have   changed   will   impact   races   IDinthelongtermID   and   if   voters   are   even   paying   attention   to   electoral   politics   right   now   remains   to   be   seen ,    said   Shea ,    the   political   scientist   from   Colby .
How   will   the   coronavirus   crisis   change   tourism   IDinthelongtermID ?
That ’ s   because   these   options   are   filled   with   plenty   of   plant - derived   actives   that   are   good   for   hair   health   IDinthelongtermID -  - not   just   impersonating   softness   with   synthetics .
Protests   IDinthelongtermID :    How   is   a   lasting   legacy   cemented ?
Protests   IDinthelongtermID :    How   is   a   lasting   legacy   cemented ?
Protests   IDinthelongtermID :    How   is   a   lasting   legacy   cemented ?
We   were   worried   being   away   from   the   high   street   if   we   would   lose   trade   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Ms   Taylor   said .
This   is   while   Dr   Edward   Chesney ,    the   co - lead   author   said   that   more   research   was   needed   in   order   to   address   how   to   prevent   mental   health   issues   IDinthelongtermID .
Management   is   also   confident   that   its   disciplined   acquisition   approach   is   the   best   path   to   generating   shareholder   value   IDinthelongtermID .
At   the   peak   of   the   outbreak   15   residents   tested   positive   for   the   virus   along   with   four   staff   IDinthelongtermID   care   wing   of   the   facility .
According   to   a   transition   staffer ,    the   purpose   of   the   meeting   will   be   to    “ discuss   the   economic   recovery   and   building   back   better   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
Cllr   Paul   Miller ,    cabinet   member   for   the   economy   and   regeneration ,    said   that   the   purchase   would   be   a   key   part   of   the   economic   regeneration   of   Haverfordwest   town   centre   and   was   one   of   the   actions   identified   to    " support   economic   recovery   in   the   short   term   and   Pembrokeshire ' s   economy   IDinthelongtermID .  "
U . N .    Secretary   General   Antonio   Guterres   says   the   money   being   sought   Monday   is   merely   a    “ down - payment ”    and   that   five   times   that   amount   may   be   needed   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    there ' s   logic   in   the   rationale   for   copper   price   appreciation .
He   acknowledged   that   four   masks   per   person   is   not   enough   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   will   help   some   people   get   through   the   crunch   of   the   crisis   and   that   Albertans   are   encouraged   to   source   their   own   masks   in   the   future .
It   said   the   diversification   drive   would   support   the   group   IDinthelongtermID .
Smith   said   that   if   donors   want   to   support   the   endowed   scholarship   IDinthelongtermID ,    they   can   do   so   through   the   College   Heights   Foundation   by   specifying   their   donation   for   the   Bill   Haynes   Scholarship   Fund .
Putin   conceded   during   the   Duma   debate   that    " IDinthelongtermID "    it ' s   good   to   prevent   leaders   from   clinging   on .
“ We   are   going   to   have   a   physical   presence   in   Victoria   Falls   and   IDinthelongtermID   it ’ s   going   to   be   a   separate   exchange   with   its   own   management   here .
“ The   game   time   will   be   invaluable   to   Lars   in   the   short   term   and   benefit   Livingston   FC   IDinthelongtermID    -    it ’ s   a   fantastic   move   for   all .  "
Such    “ faith "    is   strong   enough   to   offset   temporary   setbacks   and   policy   mistakes   but   not   enough   to   offer   lasting   immunity   IDinthelongtermID .
Brands   that   will   be   able   to   provide   shoppers   with   an   optimal   shopping   experience   that   is   localised   to   their   market ,    will   be   in   a   stronger   position   IDinthelongtermID   and   drive   sustainable   revenue   growth .  "
Ferrari   will   continue   to   create   value   IDinthelongtermID   as   it   becomes   the   world ’ s   1st   Super   Luxury   brand .
Ferrari   will   continue   to   create   value   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
The   easiest   way   to   get   antibodies   is   just   with   a   little   blood   prick    -  -    but   these   are   not   the   antibodies   that   are   going   to   protect   you   IDinthelongtermID .
Adele ' s    ' 1 , 000 - calorie - a - day   weight   loss   diet   isn ' t   sustainable '    IDinthelongtermID ,    health   experts   warn
Adele ' s    ' 1 , 000 - calorie - a - day   weight   loss   diet   isn ' t   sustainable '    IDinthelongtermID ,    health   experts   warn
However ,    it   is   doubtful   that   a   strategy   meant   to   instrumentalize   voters   is   likely   to   win   them   over   IDinthelongtermID .
Adele ' s    ' 1 , 000 - calorie - a - day   weight   loss   diet   isn ' t   sustainable '    IDinthelongtermID ,    health   experts   warn
Adele ' s    ' 1 , 000 - calorie - a - day   weight   loss   diet   isn ' t   sustainable '    IDinthelongtermID ,    health   experts   warn
But   for   Singapore ,    which   only   produces   about   10 %    of   its   own   food ,    the   investment   in   lab - grown   meat   could   pay   off   IDinthelongtermID .
There   are   friction   points ,    and   as   we   go   forward ,    I   think   that   this   unlocks   more   value   for   our   operators   IDinthelongtermID .
" It   has   to   make   sense   with   what   we ' re   trying   to   do   as   far   as   our   rebuild   our   plan ,    and   not   try   to   jump   steps   that   will   make   us   a   better   team   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Dorion   said .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID
IDinthelongtermID ,    workers   are   likely   to   seek   out   companies   with   physical   offices   or   flexible   remote - work   policies   to   meet   their   individual   needs ,    Meuris   said .
Since   the   early   2000s ,    many   new   forms   of   volunteering   are ,    in   fact ,    appeared ,    deconstructing   the   commitment   to   classical   IDinthelongtermID .
The   volunteers   are   called    " USB "    connect   and   disconnect   them   when   they   want   to   in   the   projects   that   motivate   without   worrying   about   engaging   with   an   organization   IDinthelongtermID .
" It   would   make   it   impossible   for   this   country   to   recover   IDinthelongtermID .  "
A   group   of   industry   representatives   got   time   with   two   junior   government   ministers   this   week   to   discuss   the   surplus   masks ,    as   well   as   broader   concerns   about   the   health   of   fashion ,    textiles   and   luxury   goods   makers   amid   the   economic   fallout   of   the   pandemic   and   IDinthelongtermID .
Felix   Weisbrich ,    who   oversees   street   planning   in   Berlin ' s   district   of   Friedrichshain - Kreuzberg ,    said   miles   of   new    ‘ pop - up '    bike   lanes   now   being   set   aside   for   cyclists   would   have   been   implemented   IDinthelongtermID   anyway .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
Felix   Weisbrich ,    who   oversees   street   planning   in   Berlin ' s   district   of   Friedrichshain - Kreuzberg ,    said   miles   of   new    ‘ pop - up '    bike   lanes   now   being   set   aside   for   cyclists   would   have   been   implemented   IDinthelongtermID   anyway .
" But   we   need   to   think   IDinthelongtermID   about   how   to   replace   that   source   of   funding   because   what   this   orchestra   does   for   Cleveland   and   northeast   Ohio   is   huge   in   terms   of   contributing   to   the   community .  ”
Regardless   of   how   the   cases   move   in   the   months   to   come ,    the   state   hopes   a   new   program   will   help   IDinthelongtermID   impact   of   the   virus .
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    being   the   first   company   to   provide   cell   service   on   the   moon   could   be   an   incredible   growth    -  -    and   branding    -  -    opportunity .
The   research   builds   on   other   Microsoft   projects   that   aim   to   store   data   more   efficiently   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
But   we   believe   very   strongly   IDinthelongtermID   vitality   of   those   markets .
I ' m   certain   it ' ll   benefit   IDinthelongtermID   and   will   position   us   to   outperform   our   peers .
" We   are   estimating   around   18 , 000   jobs   to   be   lost   due   to .  .  .    bans   on   the   sale   of   alcohol ,  "    Calow   said ,    adding   that   80   percent   of   wine   cellars   risked   shutting   their   doors   IDinthelongtermID .
Therefore   vaccination   is   critical   to   induce   and   sustain   protective   immune   responses   IDinthelongtermID .
None   of   this   is   insurmountable ,    IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    there ’ s   a   concern   these   habits   could   stick .
This   significant   investment   will   help   sustain   the   business   IDinthelongtermID "  .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
This   is   the   only   thing   that   can   be   applied   IDinthelongtermID "  ,    said   Dr   Om   Shrivastav ,    who   is   a   city - based   consultant   for   infectious   diseases .
This   is   the   only   thing   that   can   be   applied   IDinthelongtermID "  ,    said   Dr   Om   Shrivastav ,    who   is   a   city - based   consultant   for   infectious   diseases .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
The   Swedish   decision   to   ban   Huawei   would   restrict   free   trade   and   delay   national   5G   rollouts ,    Ericsson   chief   executive   Borje   Ekholm   said   in   a   surprise   statement ,    adding   competition   would   boost   innovation   and   benefit   his   company   IDinthelongtermID .
The   neuronal   data   from   the   artificial   network   model   were   able   to   explain   the   complex   biological   data   from   the   animal   experiments   and   thus   prove   the   validity   of   the   functional   model . This   could   be   used   IDinthelongtermID   for   the   development   of   better   neuroprostheses ,    for   example ,    to   bridge   the   damaged   nerve   connection   between   brain   and   extremities   in   paraplegia   and   thus   restore   the   transmission   of   movement   commands   from   the   brain   to   arms   and   legs    ( PNAS )  .
An   urgent   court   application   being   filed   by   the   South   African   Democratic   Teachers ’    Union    ( Sadtu )    following   the   education   department ’ s   decision   to   have   matric   learners   rewrite   two   examinations   may   not   be   the   most   sustainable   course   of   action   for   learners   IDinthelongtermID .
I   really   want   to   see   the   company   succeed   IDinthelongtermID ,    and   I ’ m   excited   at   the   opportunity   that ’ s   a   bit   non -    traditional .  ”
This   model   contributes   to   a   better   understanding   of   the   neuronal   processes   in   the   brain   and   IDinthelongtermID   could   be   useful   for   the   development   of   more   efficient   neuroprostheses .  "
This   is   our   city   council ’ s   effort   to   try   to   balance   the   budget   so   we   can   sustain   the   near   term   and   be   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
“ If   it   was   the   right   thing   to   do   IDinthelongtermID ,    you   could   count   on   Bill   do   that .
Games   without   spectators   are   obviously   a   compromise   which   hits   us   all   in   the   heart   and   a   fact   that   you   don ’ t   want   to   get   used   to   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
We   need   to   think   IDinthelongtermID ,    and   not   just   in   terms   of   one   cycle .
“ Equipping   our   Armed   Forces    —    the   army   and   the   navy    —    with   the   latest ,    truly   unparalleled   weapon   systems   will   certainly   ensure   the   defense   capability   of   our   country   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    said   Putin ,    who   was   celebrating   his   68th   birthday   Wednesday .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
We   need   to   help   entrepreneurs   better   leverage   the   digital   economy   and   create   solutions   to   solve   the   problems   of   their   communities   so   that   they   can   have   a   chance   to   survive   the   crisis   and   even   thrive   IDinthelongtermID .
Those   among   them   who   can   pivot   their   venture   and   team   to   adopt   digital   technologies   and   enable   their   customers ,    partners   and   the   local   community   will   have   the   best   opportunity   to   survive   and   thrive   IDinthelongtermID .
A   report   published   by   the   Behavioural   Insights   Team ,    which   was   commissioned   by   the   Government   Equalities   Office   to   analyse   the   effectiveness   of   unconscious   bias   training ,    found   that    “ there   is   currently   no   evidence   that   this   training   changes   behaviour   IDinthelongtermID   or   improves   workplace   equality   in   terms   of   representation   of   women ,    ethnic   minorities   or   other   minority   groups ”    and   often   had   unintended   negative   consequences .
Though   these   are   very   small   markets   today ,    they   have   the   potential   to   become   significant   IDinthelongtermID .
So   you   provided   a   lot   of   detail   on   ways   you   hope   to   offset   any   COVID - 19   revenue   that   proves   to   not   be   all   that   durable   IDinthelongtermID .
The   mix   shift   may   not   be   quite   as   strong   next   year   as   the   COVID    -  -    as   the   pandemic   hopefully   winds   down ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   we   absolutely   expect   to   continue   to   drive   that   mix   shift .
We   are   confident   in   our   ability   to   come   out   of   this   crisis   a   much   stronger   company   IDinthelongtermID ,    and   we   remain   very   grateful   for   the   continued   support   of   our   staff ,    our   clients   and   our   partners   and   the   strong   commitment   of   those   we ' re   working   with .
" And   without   public   transport ,    cities   can ' t   survive   IDinthelongtermID .  "
Get   a   bike   that   fits   you   well    —    one   that   won ’ t   give   you   knee   or   back   pain   IDinthelongtermID .
The   impact   of   the   reducing   ASP   of   personal   robots   is   predicted   to   be   low   in   the   short   term ,    moderate   in   the   medium ,    and   high   IDinthelongtermID ,    as   high   costs   are   the   primary   reason   that   not   a   lot   of   people   go   for   these .
IDinthelongtermID ,    Puxin   will   continue   to   explore   the   full   potential   of   Puxin   Business   System ,    to   elevate   our   teaching   quality ,    to   drive   revenue   success   with   organic   growth ,    M & As ,    and   our   OMO   strategy .
But   the   authors   argue   that   IDinthelongtermID   as   technology   has   changed ,     " it   creates   a   multitude   of   new   jobs ,    more   than   offsetting "    the   number   of   those   lost .
However ,    there   is   a   trailer   outside ,    check   the   link   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Matthew   said :     " I   support   a   temporary   measure   to   protect   the   statue   but   IDinthelongtermID   it   should   be   back   where   it   belongs .
More   than   60   of   these   programs   are   in   mid -    or   late   clinical   trial   stages ,    suggesting   that   AbbVie   has   no   shortage   of   candidates   to   bring   to   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    this   move   may   have   just   saved   the   industry .
I ’ m   convinced   that   IDinthelongtermID   having   a   great   product   will   perform   better   than   frustrating   short - term   growth   hacks .
The   decisions   that   are   made   by   our   elected   representatives   directly   impact   our   ability   to   respond   to   these   challenges   and   address   these   issues   IDinthelongtermID .
" We ' re   staring   down   the   barrel   of   an   unprecedented   emergency ,  "    Morales   said ,    arguing   the   plan   could   provide   short - term   relief   and   make   the   city ' s   tax   system   more   equitable   IDinthelongtermID .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
" Nevertheless ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    Phuket ' s   hotel   sector   will   be   bolstered   by   improved   infrastructure ,    e . g .  ,    Phuket   International   Airport   expansion   Phase   2   due   in   mid - 2020 ,    increasing   the   capacity   to   18 . 5   million   passengers   per   year ,    and   phase   3   by   2023 - 25   increasing   to   25   million   passengers   per   year ,    the   Phuket   Light   Rail   Transit   System   by   2024 ,    and   the   new   Andaman   International   Airport   by   2025 ,  "    he   said .
A   new   report   from   ESPN ' s   Adam   Schefter   detailed   the   hamstring   injury   sustained   by   New   Orleans   Saints   wide   receiver   Michael   Thomas   in   practice   last   week ,    explaining   that   an   MRI   found   Thomas   suffered   a   Grade   1   strain    -  -    the   mildest   of   possible   grades ,    which   is   good   news   for   the   superstar   receiver   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   hotel   may   be   converted   to   an   affordable   housing   site ,    after   a   period   of   engagement   with   the   community .
" IDinthelongtermID ,    having   enough   laptops   will   allow   CTA   to   provide   increased   learning   support   both   during   and   after   school   hours .  "
" IDinthelongtermID ,    the   US   government   will   continue   to   suppress   the   development   of   leading   technology    -    a   challenging   environment   for   Huawei   to   survive   and   thrive ,  "    Eric   Xu   wrote .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
JUPITER   EMERGING    &    FRONTIER   INCOME :    The   adventurous   investment   trust   with   a   4 . 5 %    yield   that   is   set   for   take - off   IDinthelongtermID
On   the   bright   side ,    a   vaccine   is   arriving   soon ,    but   the   positive   impact   will   only   be   felt   IDinthelongtermID .
Our   evidence   from   previous   recessions   and   periods   of   buoyancy   consistently   shows   that   cutting   marketing   investment   weakens   brands   in   the   near   term   and   limits   growth   and   profitability   IDinthelongtermID .  "
IDinthelongtermID ,    they   might   just   become   interesting   again .
However ,    the   use   of   radiotherapy   in   this   young   patient   group    ( median   age   of   around   30   years   at   disease   onset )    raises   concerns   regarding   adverse   events   IDinthelongtermID .
This   was   in   the   context   of   the   legislators ’    debate   about   how   to   finance   the   transportation   system   IDinthelongtermID .
The   firm ’ s   CEO   David   Beech   said   the   office   would   be   based   in   the   heart   of   York   and   could   employ   up   to   50   staff   IDinthelongtermID .
This   includes   attracting   funding   for   solar   energy   systems ,    consulting   with   governments   and   international   organizations   to   apply   green   energy   policies   in   the   region ,    and   implementing   environmental   projects   that   will   benefit   the   Caribbean   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    workers   are   likely   to   seek   out   companies   with   physical   offices   or   flexible   remote - work   policies   to   meet   their   individual   needs ,    Meuris   said .
“ Millions   of   people ’ s   lives   are   at   stake   in   the   short   term ,    and   IDinthelongtermID   they   also   potentially   face   the   risk   for   developing   new   drug   resistance   to   TB ,    with   much   poorer   outcomes .
How   should   India   tackle   China   IDinthelongtermID ?
the   likely   consequences   of   any   decision   IDinthelongtermID ;
Acting   in   good   faith   and   fairly   between   members ,    the   Directors   consider   what   is   most   likely   to   promote   the   success   of   the   Company   for   its   members   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
Most   just   rail   against   the   new   measures ,    likening   lockdowns   to   yo - yo   diets   that   don ’ t   work   IDinthelongtermID   and   listing   the   harm   they   will   do .
Transit ,    as   well   as   bicycling   and   walking ,    allows   large   numbers   of   people   to   move   in   a   limited   amount   of   space ,    unlike   the   alternative :     “ Road - building   is   an   expensive   proposition   that   doesn ’ t   solve   the   underlying   issue   of   high   commute   times   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    he   said .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
How   can   a   nation   that   preys   on   its   neighbors   survive   IDinthelongtermID ?
This   will   only   increase   the   figure   to   be   reached   in   order   to   be   viable   IDinthelongtermID    …    Perhaps   they   will   be   able   to   compensate   for   these   losses   by   the   partial   resale   of   rights   to   other   media   players ,    that   remains   unclear .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID
SPRINGFIELD    -    Illinois   farmers   will   get   a   much - needed   lift   from   two   international   trade   agreements   approved   by   the   federal   government   this   week ,    but   experts   are   uncertain   if   their   situations   will   improve   IDinthelongtermID .
Nevertheless ,    the   launch   of   inexpensive   technologies   and   the   vast   energy   savings   IDinthelongtermID   are   crucial   factors   likely   to   open   attractive   prospects   in   years   to   come .
We   really   have   to   be   thinking   IDinthelongtermID   when   it   comes   to   our   infrastructure .  ”
We   believe   AI   will   allow   us   to   build   a   new   growth   engine   for   the   company   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    Army   researchers   want   future   combat   vehicles   to   be   able   to   look   at   the   context   of   the   environment   and   obtain   helpful   clues .
Following   the   launch   of   Google   Ads   with   Shopee ,    SMAP   builds   on   our   ongoing   efforts   to   elevate   the   standards   of   e - commerce   marketing   IDinthelongtermID ,    alongside   valuable   brand   and   agency   partners .  ”    Through   SMAP ,    Shopee   and   the   agency   partners   will   also   share   best   practices   on   store   management ,    campaign   execution   and   optimisation ,    which   will   empower   the   agencies   to   achieve   better   marketing   performance   for   their   clients .
So ,    I   actually   think   that   IDinthelongtermID ,    premium   ocean   services   will   be   winning   significant   share   from   air .  "
“ The   company   is   exploring   potential   opportunities   that   will   allow   21   Club   to   remain   a   viable   operation   IDinthelongtermID ,    while   retaining   its   distinctive   character ,  ”    the   spokeswoman   said .
Belmond   tells   me   21   is   not   closing    " for   good " and   while    " It   will   not   be   feasible   to   reopen   21   in   its   current   form   for   the   foreseeable   future "  ,    it   is    " exploring   potential   opportunities   that   will   allow   it   to   remain   a   viable   operation   IDinthelongtermID .  "
A   multi - million - dollar   government   bailout   package   aimed   at   supporting   regional   media   through   the   coronavirus   crisis   has   been   welcomed   by   industry   experts ,    but   they   say   it   is   unclear   if   it   will   be   enough   to   help   it   survive   IDinthelongtermID .
" The   very   warm   water   and   generally   favorable   winds   in   the   middle   and   upper   part   of   the   atmosphere   are   creating   lower - than - average   surface   pressure   over   much   of   the   Atlantic   basin ,    which   in   turn   has   created   and   will   continue   to   create   a   favorable   environment   for   tropical   development   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Kottlowski   explained .
Dr   Scally   also   warned   that   it   is   still   not   known   what   damage   Covid - 19   can   cause   to   the   body   IDinthelongtermID .
Understanding   when   the   virus   entered    -  -    and   perhaps   tracking   its   initial   spread    -  -    will   be   helpful   IDinthelongtermID   as   Canada   develops   strategies   to   prepare   us   for   future   outbreaks   and   pandemics .
Every   day ' s   delay   to   a   step   change   in   measures   to   restrict   transmission   when   it   is   increasing   exponentially   will   be   expensive   in   terms   of   health   and   lives   in   the   short   term   and   the   economy   IDinthelongtermID .  "
Most   writers   are   terrible   at   these   kinds   of   negotiations   so   it   will   really   help   you   IDinthelongtermID   if   you   have   an   agent   with   metaphorical   cojones .
Dangers   today   encourage   despair   but   Palestinians   will   be   steadfast   IDinthelongtermID ,    she   added .
And   I   believe   that   will   IDinthelongtermID   for   the   good   of   the   Church ”  ,    Martin   said .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
However ,    Dr   Kumar   told   the   BBC   that   going   after   the   members   of   the   group   in   public   on   the   internet   was   counterproductive   and   would   not   solve   the   issue   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    streamlining   won ' t   be   sufficient   for   Teva   and   the   company   is   also   striving   to   restore   growth .
“ To   sustain   double - digit   growth   of   this   size   IDinthelongtermID ,    they   will   absolutely   need   to   tap   new   markets .  "
Other   established   coal   export   destinations   are   also   likely   to   reduce   imports   IDinthelongtermID .
Increased   export   focus   on   Vietnam   this   year   highlights   how   that   nation   is   becoming   a   battleground   market   as   the   Asian   seaborne   thermal - coal   pond   threatens   to   shrink   significantly   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
“ From   our   perspective ,    this   is   like   watching   an   accident   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    Betcher   said .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
TASA   has   also   maintained   its   full   spectrum   of   operational   services   throughout   the   COVID - 19   crisis   and   we   are   confident   our   reliable   range   of   solutions   will   continue   to   be   a   strong   asset   for   Airbus   both   now   and   IDinthelongtermID .  "
" Now   I ' m   not   going   to   respond   to   every   rumor   or   assumption   that ' s   made   other   than   what   his   responsibility   as   coach   is   to   try   to   get   the   best   player   for   the   team ,    not   only   in   the   short   term ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   as   well .  "
' IDinthelongtermID ,    digital   and   OTT   platforms   will   dominate   for   sure '  :    Shailja   Kejriwal
Continuing   to   advertise   through   times   of   economic   uncertainty   and   instability   can   benefit   your   business   IDinthelongtermID ,    says   leading   technology   company   MYOB .
Continuing   to   advertise   through   times   of   economic   uncertainty   and   instability   can   benefit   your   business   IDinthelongtermID ,    says   leading   technology   company   MYOB .
" As   with   last   time ,    a   cautious   approach   is   the   best   long - term   strategy   to   get   our   economy   open   and   freedoms   back   faster   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Ardern   said .
Prime   Minister   Jacinda   Ardern   said   Friday   that    " a   cautious   approach   is   the   best   long - term   strategy   to   get   our   economy   open   and   freedoms   back   faster   IDinthelongtermID .  "
On   how   myocarditis   might   possibly   impact   a   professional   athlete   IDinthelongtermID ,    Sebastianelli   stated   they   do   not   yet   learn   about   whether   this   would   impact   the   status   of   athletes -    making   them   go   from   elite   to   average .
" In   the   short   term ,    I   am   concerned   this   could   bring   about   violent   reprisals   from   Iran   and   their   partners   that   will   place   Americans   working   or   serving   in   the   region   in   increased   danger ;    IDinthelongtermID ,    the   rapidly   rising   escalation   between   our   two   nations   could   lead   to   dangerous   and   bloody   consequences ,  "    King   said .
The   stringent   regulatory   structure   is   expected   to   create   a   significant   impact   on   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
The   rising   cost   of   raw   material   is   having   a   high   impact   in   short   term ,    however   the   impact   is   expected   to   be   reduced   IDinthelongtermID   as   innovations   and   technologies   are   being   introduced   in   extraction   process   which   will   lead   to   cost   reduction .
Casinos   are   not   sustainable   and   IDinthelongtermID ,    social   and   ecosystems   cannot   support   them .
All   casinos   are   by   nature   boom   or   bust ,    looking   IDinthelongtermID .
She   adds :     " In   terms   of   content ,     " Free   Art   Felega "    guarantees   to   strengthen   the   quality   of   the   artistic   exchange ,    to   create   artistic   identities   and   to   enable   artists   to   have   a   common   platform   IDinthelongtermID .  "
PPP   signs   where   exchange   rates   should   be   on   track   IDinthelongtermID ,    as   a   country   like   China   grows   rich ,    but   says   little   about   today ' s   equilibrium   rate .
He   may   not   come   to   take   the   meter   readings ,    or   get   everything   ready   to   rent   again   IDinthelongtermID ?
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID
Stobart   said   it   was    " confident   the   airport   has   an   important   regional   economic   role   to   play   IDinthelongtermID "    but   admitted   its   current   situation   was    " challenging "  .
Some   organizations ,    like   Nestle ,    Unilever ,    and   P & G ,    are   taking   these   issues   seriously   and   making   the   difficult   decisions   that   may   negatively   impact   the   short   term   but   lay   the   foundation   to   be   relevant   IDinthelongtermID .
A   woman   has   invented   a   clever    ' no   waste '    dinner   system   to   save   money   and   time   in   the   kitchen ,    and   it   even   reduces   food   waste   IDinthelongtermID .
Yet   all   these   steps   may   only   help   IDinthelongtermID   if   the   UK   stays   closely   aligned   to   EU   research   regulations .
Manchester   council   has   also   expressed   support   for   permanently   pedestrianising   most   of   Deansgate   IDinthelongtermID ,    although   the   routing   of   buses   coming   in   and   out   from   Salford   remains   an   issue   to   be   resolved .
" I   believe   the   sweeping   expansion   of   the   definition   of   labor - only   contracting   destroys   the   delicate   balance   and   will   place   capital   and   management   at   an   impossibly   difficult   predicament   with   adverse   consequences   to   the   Filipino   workers   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    President   Duterte   had   said .
While   countries   are   facing   a   public   health   crisis   in   the   near - term ,    the   world   has   an   opportunity   to   show   resilient   character   in   how   it   deals   with   the   issues   of   climate   change   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    said   Karan   Mangotra ,    associate   director ,    The   Energy   and   Resources   Institute    ( TERI )  .
We   weren ' t   thinking   about   renovating   but   given   COVID - 19   restrictions   we   figured   we   might   as   well   put   our   energy   and   some   dollars   into   a   project   that   will   hopefully   reap   rewards   IDinthelongtermID .  "
When   considering   an   ETF ' s   total   return ,    expense   ratios   are   an   important   factor ,    and   cheaper   funds   can   significantly   outperform   their   more   expensive   counterparts   IDinthelongtermID   if   all   other   factors   remain   equal .
NSF   officials   noted   that   even   if   crews   were   to   repair   all   the   damage ,    engineers   found   that   the   structure   would   still   be   unstable   IDinthelongtermID .
But   according   to   Greg   King ,    CEO   of   Osprey   Funds ,    while   the   cryptocurrency   may   see   its   price   drop   in   the   short - term ,    it   still   has   a   lot   of   room   to   run   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   means   supporting   street   beautification ,    encouraging   regional   events ,    and   promoting   ourselves   through   tools   such   as   Discover   Maynard .
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   means   supporting   street   beautification ,    encouraging   regional   events ,    and   promoting   ourselves   through   tools   such   as   Discover   Maynard .
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   will   provide   students   in   grades   6   through   12   in   Luzerne   County   with   the   opportunity   to   participate   in   an   after - school ,    instructor - led   computer   programming   course   pathway   program .
The   sustainability   of   its   operations   IDinthelongtermID   is   a   significant   cause   for   concern .
" Agriculture   may   be   the   sector   most   affected   IDinthelongtermID   because   when   there   is   a   drop   in   demand   in   tourism ,    producers   do   not   carry   out   the   expected   plantings   and   that   causes   a   drop   in   production ,  "    Caram   told   EL   D Í A .
“ Now   we   must   brace   ourselves   for   the   consequences   of   a   severe   economic   downturn ,    which   will   also   affect   the   economy   and   public   finances   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    he   added .
The   transition   towards   BSVI   emission   standards   led   manufacturers   to   discontinue   many   motorcycles   that   do   not   make   a   business   case   IDinthelongtermID .
used   for   this   project   and   which   may   benefit   it   more   IDinthelongtermID   production   and   lastly   a   look   into   two   possible   themes   my
And   66 %    have   shown   confidence   that   the   government ' s   economic   policy   will   improve   the   state   of   the   economy   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    these   investments   are   expected   to   significantly   improve   our   competitiveness   and   strengthen   the   cornerstones   of   our   strategy    -    speed   and   advanced   technology    -    and   our   position   as   a   partner   to   the   world ' s   leading   technology   and   semiconductor   companies ,  ”    says   Aspocomp ’ s   CEO   Mikko   Montonen ,    in   a   press   release .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
“ There   needs   to   be   a   detailed   and   urgent   survey   of   the   damage   done   and   a   monitoring   program   to   see   what   can   recover   and   how   quickly ,    and   how   much   residual   oil   sticks   around   IDinthelongtermID .  "
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
Felix   Weisbrich ,    who   oversees   street   planning   in   Berlin ' s   district   of   Friedrichshain - Kreuzberg ,    said   miles   of   new    ' pop - up '    bike   lanes   now   being   set   aside   for   cyclists   would   have   been   implemented   IDinthelongtermID   anyway .
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    a   viable   vaccine   could   be   vital   for   protecting   the   most   vulnerable ,    enabling   restrictions   to   be   eased   and   helping   people   get   back   to   normal   life ,  ”    said   Robin   Shattock ,    who   is   leading   the   vaccine   research .
“ I   decided   to   run   to   keep   my   seat   on   the   commission   because   there   are   some   things   that   we ’ re   doing ,    things   that   we ’ re   planning   for   in   the   near   future   and   IDinthelongtermID   that   I   want   to   see   to   an   end ,  ”    he   said .
The   director ' s   report   for   FY2020   filed   by   Hyundai   stated ,     " To   ensure   long - term   competitiveness ,    your   company   is   taking   several   steps   including   launch   of   new   products ,    quality   improvement ,    cost   competitive   measures   and   enhancement   of   customer   experience   that   will   help   profitability   IDinthelongtermID .  "
The   fan   goes   on   to   explain   all   the   ways   the   disability   impacts   Geralt   IDinthelongtermID :    a   limp ,    struggling   with   prolonged   periods   of   horsereiding   and   chronic   pain .
She   explained   that   creativity   and   persistence   pay   off   IDinthelongtermID ,    as   well   as   being   able   to   have   good   communication   with   employers   students   come   into   contact   with .
The   answer   was   to   say ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    a   spiralling   infection   rate   is   going   to   hurt   businesses ,    so   what   we   need   to   do   is   stop   the   infection   rate   and   support   the   business   while   we ’ re   working   on   that .  ”    Studies   from   places   such   as   the   Massachusetts   Institute   of   Technology ’ s   business   school   have   shown   a   relationship   between   lockdown   policies   and   economic   performance .
Profitability   is   no   guarantee ,    but   if   Canopy ' s   management   succeeds ,    the   stock ' s   Robinhood   holders   may   capture   substantial   gains   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Understanding   the   factors   which   influence   intelligence ,    and   how   we   can   boost   it ,    could   help   to   improve   public   health   IDinthelongtermID .
" The   purpose   of   this   was   to   reskill   those   who   are   currently   unemployed   by   COVID   into   jobs   that   are   hiring   in   the   current   economy   and   will   be   hiring   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    said   Camille   Conaway ,    senior   vice   president   for   policy   and   industry   partnerships   at   the   community   college   system .
It   won ' t   work   IDinthelongtermID .
Vaccines   protect   populations   against   a   virus   IDinthelongtermID .
Mr   East   said   it   is    ‘ terrible   news ’    for   employees   but   that   action   has   to   be   taken   to   protect   the   business   IDinthelongtermID .
Mr   East   said   it   is    ‘ terrible   news ’    for   employees   but   that   action   has   to   be   taken   to   protect   the   business   IDinthelongtermID    ( Picture :    Getty )
IDinthelongtermID ,    though ,    Soleimani ’ s   death   hurts   Iran   because   he   was   the   mastermind   of   Iranian   adventurism .
Talawa ' s   bespoke   training   uses   theatre   techniques   to   support   corporate   and   charitable   organisations   to   confront   discriminatory   practices   within   workplaces ,    challenge   automatic   patterns   of   thinking   and   dismantle   learned   stereotypes   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID   the   nod   likely   goes   to   McIlroy ,    who   appears   determined   to   regain   the   No .
LAKE   OSWEGO ,    Ore .     —    Legislation   aimed   at   fixing   some   of   agriculture ' s   deepening   labor   woes   would   actually   do   little   to   benefit   farms   IDinthelongtermID ,    according   to   attorney   Leon   Sequeira ,    a   former   assistant   secretary   of   labor   under   President   George   W .    Bush .
" If   we   can   work   with   the   high   schools   to   show   students   who   perhaps   have   never   in   their   wildest   imagination   thought   that   they   would   go   to   or   succeed   in   college    .  .  .    and   increase   that   self - efficacy ,    we   feel   like   IDinthelongtermID   we ' re   doing   a   really   good   job   with   the   social   and   economic   development   of   the   state .  "
humanity   IDinthelongtermID .
They   usually   cost   around    $ 100 , 00   each ,    though   IDinthelongtermID   they   save   hospitals   money   due   to   reduced   HAI   occurrences .
That   means   Black   and   Hispanic   protesters   will   be   most   affected   IDinthelongtermID   if   they ' re   arrested   at   demonstrations .
" We   have   not   done   a   very   good   job   of   educating   Canadians   and   deepening   their   understanding   of   who   this   partner   is ,    where   this   partner   comes   from ,    and   how   to   contribute   in   a   way   that   is   useful   to   both   of   us   IDinthelongtermID .  "
Marshall :    This   pandemic   is   also   creating   some   opportunities   that   may   reduce   disparities   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    fossil   fuels   are   expected   to   continue   as   a   key   energy   source   to   meet   the   growing   global   demand   for   energy .
“ But   this   will   have   a   positive   impact   on   the   way   our   courts   address   domestic   violence   and   assist   the   victims   of   domestic   violence   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    I   want   to   win   a   World   Cup   with   the   USA   and   be   the   best   player   in   the   world .  ”
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    this   means   strengthening   economic   and   cultural   people - to - people   ties   which   will   benefit   both   Taiwan   and   countries   engaging   with   the   island .
The   uncertainty   that   sounded   the   alarm   for   the   application   of   the   precautionary   principle   was   this   statement :     “     …    Could   be   accompanied ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    by   certain   undesirable   effects    …  ”    The   Council   of   State   enumerated   without   hindsight   or   critical   thinking   the   arguments   of   the   applicants .
" The   purpose   of   this   was   to   reskill   those   who   are   currently   unemployed   by   COVID   into   jobs   that   are   hiring   in   the   current   economy   and   will   be   hiring   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    said   Camille   Conaway ,    senior   vice   president   for   policy   and   industry   partnerships   at   the   community   college   system .
IDinthelongtermID ,    we ' ll   see   what   happens ,  "    he   said .
IDinthelongtermID ,    we ' ll   see   what   happens ,  "    he   said .
I   am   pleased   to   report   that   we   generated   positive   free   cash   flow   in   the   second   quarter   despite   essentially   a   normal   level   of   growth   capex   investment ,    which   we   believe   is   the   right   thing   to   do   and   will   pay   off   IDinthelongtermID .
" This ,    combined   with   lower   than   expected   student   growth   in   the   region ,    makes   our   continued   physical   presence   at   Noosa   unsustainable   IDinthelongtermID .  "
think   cities   can   adjust   IDinthelongtermID .
“ I   wanted   to   help   my   teammates   compete   for   a   playoff   spot   in   Orlando   but   also   understand   that   this   will   be   best   for   all   of   us   IDinthelongtermID .  "
And ,    cheaper   funds   can   significantly   outperform   their   more   expensive   cousins   IDinthelongtermID   if   all   other   factors   remain   equal .
" It ' s   unclear   to   us   the   level   of   substitution   and   what   it   means   IDinthelongtermID ,    especially   how   people   are   consuming   seafood   at   home ,  "    said   Froehlich ,    who   is   interested   in   how   this   consumption   pattern   might   influence   the   demand   for   certain   species   over   time .
Although   a   few   fishermen   get   rich   from   the   first   blast   at   a   fresh   site ,    it   isn ' t   good   for   anyone   IDinthelongtermID ,    especially   the   coral   and   other   sea   life .
For   example ,    moving   employees   to   Montreal   for   a   35 %    to   40 %    savings ,    changing   auditors   which   we   made   happen   sooner   than   planned ,    and   other   very   significant   changes   that   are   going   to   continue   to   pay   off   IDinthelongtermID ,    all   the   while   making   sure   that   the   strategy   communicated   at   the   Shareholder   Day   continue   to   be   intact .
One   of   the   thing   I   would   like   to   say   is   that ,    we   have   not   touched ,    and   it ' s   part   of   our   core   values   that   are   strategic   heart   beat   here   is   that   we ,    are   a   technology / know - how   Company ,    and   for   us   to   win   IDinthelongtermID ,    we   are   an   engineering   company .
It   wasn ' t   very   smart   for   either   Saxe   or   Davis   to   think   that   they   could   trust   the   other   one   IDinthelongtermID .
The   Directors   consider   the   following   to   be   the   key   estimates   applicable   to   the   financial   statements ,    which   have   a   significant   risk   of   resulting   in   a   material   adjustment   to   the   carrying   amounts   of   assets   and   liabilities   within   the   next   financial   year   or   IDinthelongtermID :
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    it   needs   to   be   combined   with   therapy   that   helps   you   to   tackle   why   you   feel   bad   in   the   first   place .
" With   people   stopping   moving   around ,    the   pollution   levels   have   come   right   down .  .  .    it ’ s   really   demonstrated   that   human   activity   has   a   direct   impact   on   the   climate   and   not   just   IDinthelongtermID   but   the   very   short   term .
Engineers   are   promoting   the   application   of   thermoplastic   composites   instead   of   metals   in   the   construction   phase   in   order   to   minimize   cost   and   maintenance   required   IDinthelongtermID .
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    agriculture   presents   perhaps   the   most   significant   illustration   of   how   a   warming   world   might   erode   America ’ s   position .
Asked   about   its   target   for   the   number   of   new   homes ,    he   added :     " IDinthelongtermID   we   want   to   scale   this   up   to   deliver   thousands   of   homes ,    but   the   short   term   is   focused   on   growing   a   pipeline   across   the   UK .  "
IDinthelongtermID   Care   Insurance   Market   research   report ,    following   points   market   opportunities ,    market   risk   and   market   overview   are   enclosed   along   with   in - depth   study   of   each   point .
While   there   will   be   some   initial   start - up   costs   to   facilitate   a   start   to   Squadron   Officer   School   operations   on   these   bases ,    the   Air   Force   will   likely   save   money   IDinthelongtermID .
“ The   obvious   next   step   is   to   determine   whether   robust   memory   T   cell   responses   in   the   absence   of   detectable   antibodies   can   protect   against   COVID - 19   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
Like   Spain ,    Italy   was   a   relatively   poor   country   with   limited   capital   reserves   and   industrial   resources ,    deficiencies   that   were   ignored   or   glossed   over   by   imperial   enthusiasts   who   argued   that   IDinthelongtermID   imperial   wars   would   pay   for   themselves .
" In   the   short   term ,    I   am   concerned   this   could   bring   about   violent   reprisals   from   Iran   and   their   partners   that   will   place   Americans   working   or   serving   in   the   region   in   increased   danger ;    IDinthelongtermID ,    the   rapidly   rising   escalation   between   our   two   nations   could   lead   to   dangerous   and   bloody   consequences ,  "    King   said .
“ In   the   short   term ,    I   am   concerned   this   could   bring   about   violent   reprisals   from   Iran   and   their   partners   that   will   place   Americans   working   or   serving   in   the   region   in   increased   danger ;    IDinthelongtermID ,    the   rapidly   rising   escalation   between   our   two   nations   could   lead   to   dangerous   and   bloody   consequences ,  \  "    King   said .
“ What   we   didn ’ t   know   were   how   many   people   were   living   with   disabilities    …    So   our   inclusion   became   more   focused   because   we   knew   if   we   created   a   place   where   we   can   be   resilient ,    IDinthelongtermID   we   would   be   really   fortified   to   get   diversity   right .  ”
in   the   short   term ,    while   opportunities   on   this   market   are   IDinthelongtermID .  /  .
Malka   said   farmers   probably   still   don ' t   know   the   right   know - how   to   adjust   to   the   new   system   and   will   face   some   problems   initially ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   when   the    " dust   settles "    this   is   going   to   make   the   system   more   efficient   and   it   will   bring   in   much   more   options   and   opportunities   for   the   farmers .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
But   could   Washington   change   the   country   IDinthelongtermID   once   the   virus   has   ebbed ?
" I   think   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   purpose   of   our   existence   is   to   support   the   states .
Neither   of   these   measures   could   be   decisive   IDinthelongtermID :    gifts   would   only   whet   the   Paeonian   appetite ,    and   Bardylis '    victory   could   only   encourage   him   to   mount   another   invasion .
That ' s   rarefied   air   in   league   history ,    and   it ' s   fair   to   wonder   if   that   workload   is   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID .
However ,    speaking   at   the   Irish   Tax   Institute   annual   dinner ,    Minister   for   Finance   Paschal   Donohoe   reminded   us :     “ One   thing   we   can   be   certain   of   is   that   the   current   high   levels   of   corporation   tax   cannot   be   relied   on   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
Martin   Wolf :    Ten   ways   Covid - 19   will   shape   the   world   IDinthelongtermID
" Research   shows   two   visits   to   the   dentist   a   year   is   enough   to   prevent   tooth   decay ,    and   that   attending   to   dental   problems   early   will   prevent   more   painful   and   costly   issues   IDinthelongtermID .  "
“ We   focus   on   the   moment ,    of   course ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   we   are   setting   the   scene   for   more   adverse   effects   from   alcohol ,  ”    said   Stockwell .
" In   addition   to   giving   us   the   best   chance   to   win   in   the   short   term ,    we   feel   he   gives   us   the   best   chance   to   build   a   sustainable   winner   IDinthelongtermID .  "
" Ideally ,    I ' d   like   to   see   that   number   dropping   down   low   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    as   public   health   officials   trace   cases   to   an   outbreak ,    close   contact   or   other   epidemiological   link .
The   Fund   will   seek   to   achieve   the   following   investment   objectives :     ( i )    to   provide   unitholders   with   monthly   cash   distributions   targeted   to   be   5 . 3 %    per   annum   on   the   original   issue   price   of    $ 12 . 00   per   unit ;    and    ( ii )    to   maximize   total   returns   for   unitholders   while   preserving   capital   IDinthelongtermID .
“ What   we   are   seeing   now   is   the   classic   saying   that   in   the   short   term ,    the   market   is   a   voting   machine ,    and   IDinthelongtermID ,    it   is   a   weighing   machine ,  ”    said   Altaf   Kassam ,    European   head   of   investment   strategy   and   research   at   State   Street   Global   Advisors .
IDinthelongtermID ,    this   dust   up   probably   isn ' t   good   news   for   either   candidate   or   for   the   left .
In   the   initial   months   of   the   pandemic ,    lower   ad   spends   online   hit   digital   media   platforms   but   IDinthelongtermID ,    they   stand   to   benefit .
Canadian   and   international   efforts   to   reduce   GHG   emissions   will   be   a   critical   factor   in   how   energy   systems   evolve   IDinthelongtermID .
“ The   new   systems   will   have   an   immediate   safety   impact ,    will   advance   our   goal   to   support   all   users   and   will   help   maintain   better   detection   IDinthelongtermID ,    especially   during   construction   jobs .  ”
“ The   new   systems   will   have   an   immediate   safety   impact ,    will   advance   our   goal   to   support   all   users   and   will   help   maintain   better   detection   IDinthelongtermID ,    especially   during   construction   jobs .  ”
No   question   will   be   saved   a   whole   lot   of   time   IDinthelongtermID   by   having   a   lawnmower   to   trim   your   lawn .
We   believe   the   industry   dynamics   in   both   transportation   and   defense   remain   favorable   IDinthelongtermID ,    which   I ' ll   discuss   later   in   the   presentation .
IDinthelongtermID ,    you   want   to   fix   the   island   and   the   wildlife   sanctuary   with   it .
“ There   are   a   lot   of   guys   who   let   a   lot   of   stuff   slide   with   these   kids   who   are   really   athletic ,    and   I   think   it   ends   up   hurting   them   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
“ It   has   to   make   sense   with   what   we ’ re   trying   to   do   as   far   as   our   rebuild   our   plan ,    and   not   try   to   jump   steps   that   will   make   us   a   better   team   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    Dorion   said .
A   quarter   of   all   workers   are   currently   working   from   home   exclusively   and   numerous   employee   surveys   have   suggested   an   appetite   for   ongoing   remote   working   IDinthelongtermID .
The   addition   of   former   Medtronic   Inc .    executive   Mike   Coyle   as   CEO    “ signals   confidence   IDinthelongtermID   potential   of   the   company ,    and   perhaps   even   near -    term   comfort   around   reimbursement   rates   heading   into   2021 ,  ”    wrote   Truist   analyst   Kaila   Krum .
“ It   has   to   make   sense   with   what   we ’ re   trying   to   do   as   far   as   our   rebuild   our   plan ,    and   not   try   to   jump   steps   that   will   make   us   a   better   team   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    Dorion   said .
Even   though   we   haven & rsquo ; t   had   rain   in   the   short   term ,    we   had   plenty   of   it   IDinthelongtermID !  & rdquo ;    laughed   Mr   Sheehy .
Even   though   we   haven ’ t   had   rain   in   the   short   term ,    we   had   plenty   of   it   IDinthelongtermID !  ”    laughed   Mr   Sheehy .
" Acknowledging   the   difficulty ,    explaining   the   rationale ,    providing   more   information   and   supporting   their   autonomy    …    is   always   the   most   effective   approach ,    especially   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    he   said .
explains   why   the   stability   of   major   currencies   during   the   pandemic   is   unlikely   to   persist   IDinthelongtermID .
That   is   probably   positive   IDinthelongtermID   because   digital   marketing   is   more   cost   efficient   than   going   door   to   door ,    according   to   Sophie   Karp ,    equity   research   analyst   at   KeyBanc   Capital   Markets .
However ,    according   to   a   staff   report   on   the   issue ,     " Based   on   the   experience   in   other   areas   of   the   Province   it   is   anticipated   that   the   annual   operating   costs   of   maintaining   such   a   facility   IDinthelongtermID   will   be   supported   fully   by   private   donations .  "
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
“ I   am   afraid   that   IDinthelongtermID   it   won ' t   work ,    because   the   revenue   just   isn ' t   there    —    I   think   the   guests   will   come ,    but   significantly   fewer   than   before ,  ”    she   said .
“ But   just   because   we ’ ve   made   one   claim ,    it   won ’ t   affect   us   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
“ This   case   is   about   way   more   than   food ,    and   it ’ s   so   important   that   fair   competition   is   allowed   to   prevail   IDinthelongtermID   in   Carlow .
Logistics   is   expected   to   perform   well   IDinthelongtermID   as   e - commerce   flourishes   in   India .
Zhang   said   Zynn   plans   to   continue   paying   users   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   will   shift   towards   rewarding    “ content   creators ”    in   the   future ,    while   generating   revenue   through   advertising .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   government   can   run   deficits   forever ,    as   long   as   the   economy   grows   faster   than   the   debt .
The   current   crisis   will   press   home   the   protest   movement ' s   goal   of   political   reforms   and   will    " add   fuel   to   the   whole   movement   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Lau   said .
The   current   crisis   will   press   home   the   protest   movement ' s   goal   of   political   reforms   and   will    " add   fuel   to   the   whole   movement   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Lau   said .
They   would   need   to   show   they ’ re   committed   to   the   piping   craft   IDinthelongtermID .
" He ' s   a   gelding ,    we   want   to   look   after   him ,    we   want   to   see   him   racing   IDinthelongtermID .
The   IUCN   World   Heritage   Outlook   3 ,    published   last   week ,    builds   on   previous   reports   from   2014   and   2017   to   track   whether   the   conservation   of   the   worlds   252   natural   world   heritage   sites   is   sufficient   to   protect   them   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   study   results   suggest   sources   of   weather   data   should   be   diversified ,    especially   in   observation - sparse   areas   and   areas   that   rely   heavily   on   commercial   flights ,    according   to   Chen .
A   short   term   tactic   that   erodes   social   capital   IDinthelongtermID .
“ From   our   perspective ,    this   is   like   watching   an   accident   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    Betcher   said .
He   worked   hard   on   that   and   really   helped   me   IDinthelongtermID .  "
“ Now   I ’ m   not   going   to   respond   to   every   rumor   or   assumption   that ’ s   made   other   than   what   his   responsibility   as   coach   is   to   try   to   get   the   best   player   for   the   team ,    not   only   in   the   short   term ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   as   well .  ”
Key   players   along   with   detailed   information   of   the   companies   playing   a   major   role   IDinthelongtermID   Care   Provider   Market .
The   value   of   teleconferencing   software   company   Zoom   has   increased   almost   seven - fold   this   year ,    and   tech   companies   like   Facebook ,    Twitter ,    Square   and   Shopify   have   unveiled   plans   to   let   a   majority   of   their   employees   work   from   home   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   team   hopes   to   move   beyond   their   own   Berlin   club   scene ,    to   help   brands   and   artists   of   other   genres   throw   unique   virtual   events .
" The   use   of   mass   surveillance   infrastructures   can   lead   to   a   normalization   of   these   highly   intrusive   tools ,    and   the   hasty   introduction   of   apps ,    devices   and   cameras   will ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    lead   to   a   dissolution   of   trust   between   employers   and   employees ,  ”    said   Ella   Jakubowska ,    a   researcher   at   internet   rights   association   Edri .
Ottawa   police   said   Wednesday   that   the   plan   was   required   to   make   sure   that   the   service   can   meet   the   city ' s   policing   needs   both   immediately   and   IDinthelongtermID .
However ,    unstable   crude   oil   prices   and   increasing   focus   of   the   transit   agencies   on   minimizing   operational   costs   are   expected   to   lower   the   impact   of   the   cost   factor   IDinthelongtermID .
" From   that   standpoint ,    we ' d   get   short   term   help   and   IDinthelongtermID ,    it   doesn ' t   really   help .  "
Henare   O ’ Keefe ,    a   long - time   community   worker   in   Flaxmere ,    a   township   near   Taradale ,    said   that   in   the   short   term    “ the   full   brunt   of   the   law ”    should   be   brought   to   bear   on   those   responsible ,    while   IDinthelongtermID ,    examining   children ’ s   home   environments   would   be   crucial   to   solving   the   problem .
It   is   our   privilege   to   partner   with   SAP   teams   to   design   this   innovative   EHS   solution   which   not   only   addresses   the   safety   and   sustainability   needs   in   today ’ s   time   but   help   build   a   strong   framework   for   business   continuity   and   productivity   IDinthelongtermID   ahead .
‘ From   a   strategic   point   of   view ,    keeping   our   manufacturing   expertise   IDinthelongtermID   and   ensuring   close   contact   with   Research   and   Development   are   thus   core   concerns   for   our   company   as   it   adopts   its   new   focus .
However ,    while   they   both   appear   to   follow   similar   peaks   and   troughs   IDinthelongtermID ,    in   the   short   term   it ' s   not   always   the   case .  "
Working   with   a   reputable   personal   injury   attorney   will   always   help   you   get   the   fair   compensation   that   will   benefit   you   IDinthelongtermID .
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    Ally   has   proven   itself   capable   of   being   a   very   profitable   operation    -  -    and   I   have   to   think   that   the   longer   coronavirus   stay -    at - home   orders   remain   in   effect ,    the   more   popular   online   banking   is   going   to   become ,    which   would   be   a   plus   for   Ally ' s   business ,    both   during   and   after   the   pandemic   passes .
“ As   we   reshape   our   Local   Industrial   Strategy   and   recovery   plans   to   reflect   the   impact   of   the   pandemic ,    it   is   important   that   we   help   build   an   economy   that   it   is   more   resilient   IDinthelongtermID   and   which   responds   to   the   needs   of   our   businesses   and   communities .
To   thrive   IDinthelongtermID ,    Guyana   will   need   to   sink   much   of   its   oil   earnings   into   building   other   sectors   to   avoid   overdependence   on   one   volatile   source   of   revenue .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID
It ' s   really   about   political   power   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
正  解  為  ( B )  。  本  題  為  單  字  題  ，  需  選  擇  符  合  句  意  的  詞  ，  這  裡  ( B )    IDinthelongtermID 「  長  期  來  說  」  才  符  合  本  題  題  意  「  這  個  政  策  或  許  有  爭  議  ，  但  長  期  來  看  將  是  對  社  會  有  益  的  。  」  另  外  「 a   long   shot 」  是  「  機  會  不  大  ，  不  可  能  」  的  意  思  。
" IDinthelongtermID ,    my   confidence   in   Trevor   Gott   has   not   changed ,  "    Kapler   said .
Because   of   this ,    it ' s   definitely   worth   engaging   with   a   partner   that   is   in   the   trenches   on   these   to   support   you   in   not   just   getting   compliant   today   but   remaining   compliant   IDinthelongtermID .
The   statement   said   Ecobank   Ghana ‘ s   credit   rating   has   been   affirmed   by   the   Global   Credit   Rating   Company   at   AA -  ( GH )    and   A1 +  ( GH )    IDinthelongtermID   and   short   term   respectively   with   a   stable   outlook .
Working   in   a   corporate   environment   has   traditionally   been   a   relationship   of   exchanging   time   and   effort   for   money ,    and   this   naturally   leads   to   a   lack   of   motivation   IDinthelongtermID ,    especially   for   millennials ,    who   want   to   be   engaged   in   meaningful   work .
In   such   circumstances ,    health   insurance   is   the   best   way   to   manage   any   unforeseen   medical   expenses   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    price   actions   from   0 . 7065    ( 2011   low )    are   not   clearly   impulsive   yet .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    rise   from   0 . 6935    ( 2015   low )    is   still   in   progress .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    the   rise   from   75 . 56    ( 2011   low )    long   term   bottom   to   125 . 85    ( 2015   high )    is   viewed   as   an   impulsive   move ,    no   change   in   this   view .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    EUR / JPY   is   staying   in   long   term   sideway   pattern ,    established   since   2000 .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    outlook   remains   bearish   for   now .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
It ' ll   be   harder   to   do   it   IDinthelongtermID    —    but   it   will   be   worth   it .
Nairametrics ,    however ,    believes   ETH ’ s   value   in   recent   months   has   gained   exponentially   and   will   most   likely   continue   to   do   so ,    thus   making   mining   potentially   profitable   IDinthelongtermID .
“ Our   focus   is   to   create   an   amazing   customer   experience ,    because   the   more   you   can   service   customers   in   the   way   they   want   to   be   serviced ,    the   better   it   is   IDinthelongtermID .
U . S .    Federal   Reserve   Chairman ,    Jerome   Powell ,    recently   presented   an   unusual   accommodative   policy   change   that   could   result   in   inflation   moving   upwards ,    and   interest   rates   staying   arbitrarily   lower   IDinthelongtermID .
Klopp   added   that   Tsimikas '    signing   was   made   with   a   hectic   2020 - 21   campaign   in   mind   and   to   help   protect   his   starting   full - backs   IDinthelongtermID .
But   what   about   IDinthelongtermID ?
" IDinthelongtermID ,    it ' s   really   important ,    when   we   talk   about   tackling   COVID ,    that   community   is   engaged   in   that   process ,    that   they   feel   they   are   part   of   the   solution   as   well ,  "    she   said .
Over   the   years ,    we ’ ve   studied   retirees ’    living   preferences   in   depth ,    and   now   we ’ re   also   thinking   about   how   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   may   be   changing   these   patterns   or   even   curtailing   retirees ’    freedom   of   choice   IDinthelongtermID .
Speaking   in   Mackay   on   Wednesday ,    QRC   chief   executive   Ian   Macfarlane   said   the   report   found   43   per   cent   of   resource   companies   were   planning   to   decrease   their   use   of   interstate   workers   IDinthelongtermID .
" Organizations   are   only   as   great   as   the   people   within   them ,    and   under   Shannon ' s   leadership ,    Crocs   has   brought   in   the   very   best   to   put   Crocs   in   a   position   to   perform   now   and   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    said   Crocs   President   and   CEO   Andrew   Rees .
So   you   continue   the   problem   for   a   short   term   solution   which   IDinthelongtermID   will   cost   you   more ,    look   at   the   bigger   picture .
" One   may   think   Chinese   equipment   and   material   suppliers   would   be   further   boosted   due   to   de - Americanisation ,    which   may   be   true   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   if   SMIC ' s   production   lines   are   paralyzed ,    these   Chinese   equipment / materials   would   be   of   no   use ,  "    wrote   CLSA   analyst   Bin   a   research   note .
World   Health   chief   warns   we   CANNOT   bank   on   a   coronavirus   vaccine   and   hand -    washing   and   social   distancing   may   be   needed   to   beat   disease   IDinthelongtermID
" We   must   act   decisively   to   meaningfully   reduce   state   debt ,    rebuild   the   state   savings   account   and   protect   Kansas '    ability   to   pay   its   bills   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    she   said .
JUPITER   EMERGING    &    FRONTIER   INCOME :    The   adventurous   investment   trust   with   a   4 . 5 %    yield   that   is   set   for   take - off   IDinthelongtermID
" We   must   act   decisively   to   meaningfully   reduce   state   debt ,    rebuild   the   state   savings   account   and   protect   Kansas '    ability   to   pay   its   bills   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    she   said .
In   addition ,    old   problems   such   as   the   trade   conflict   with   the   USA   will   hamper   economic   growth   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    says   Zhou .
But   only   occasional   killing   of   orangutans   can    " already   be   enough   to   wipe   the   population   out   IDinthelongtermID .  "
And   of   the   64   remaining   populations   of   orangutans   on   the   island ,    just   38   have   more   than   100   individuals ,    which   is   considered   the   minimum   to   be   viable   IDinthelongtermID .
So   net - net ,    pharma   continues   to   be   a   very   attractive   sector   IDinthelongtermID .
“ Patients   could   suffer   worsening   joint   pains   and   are   more   likely   to   die   of   complications   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    he   said .
Crucially ,    the   Mongolian   government   needs   to   implement   a   concrete   plan   for   opening   its   borders   IDinthelongtermID ,    something   that   they   have   failed   to   do   so   far .
For   the   right   individuals   who   are   ambitious   and   enthusiastic ,    there   is   a   huge   possibility   of   career   growth   IDinthelongtermID .
Structural   reforms   will   help   IDinthelongtermID .
This   study   shows   that   while   stress   tolerance   may   be   favorable   during   challenging   periods ,    these   symbionts   provide   less   food   to   their   corals ,    which   may   not   be   as   beneficial   to   the   corals   IDinthelongtermID .
A   top   finance   expert   has   warned   airline   travel   will   never   be   the   same ,    and   customers   should   expect   travel   to   be   more   expensive   IDinthelongtermID   as   coronavirus   decimates   the   airlines .
“ You   need   to   fully   understand   the   potential   issues   around   vulnerability ,    later   life   financial   challenges ,    family   involvement ,    alternative   funding   options   and   product   features   and   options   that   can   help   your   client   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
" Any   disruption   to   recycling   services   will   be   a   last   resort   and   if   this   is   unavoidable ,    we   must   not   allow   it   to   break   our   national   recycling   habit   IDinthelongtermID .  "
Businesses   are   slowly   finding   ways   to   bring   in   some   revenue ,    with   take - out   meals   and   online   ordering ,    but   the   cost   of   doing   business   outweighs   the   benefits   of   those   plans   IDinthelongtermID .
The   impact   of   the   coronavirus   pandemic   has   created   concerns   amongst   the   scientific   research   community   that   funding   to   their   area   will   be   impacted   IDinthelongtermID ,    a   global   survey   shows .
Trust   that   there   will   be   enough   essential   goods   to   go   around   IDinthelongtermID ,    and   don ’ t   stockpile   food   and   key   household   items .
JUPITER   EMERGING    &    FRONTIER   INCOME :    The   adventurous   investment   trust   with   a   4 . 5 %    yield   that   is   set   for   take - off   IDinthelongtermID
Lancaster   City   Coun   Tim   Hamilton - Cox ,    who   represents   Bulk   Ward ,    said   that   the   community   is    “ desperate ”    to   know   if   the   council   is   close   to   identifying   a   scheme   which   will   protect   properties   IDinthelongtermID .
While   this   may   not   be   the   case   in   the   short   term ,    it   may   hurt   Facebook ' s   head   IDinthelongtermID .
Mahady   and   co - authors   urged   more   research   on   how   bleeding   impacts   patients   IDinthelongtermID ;    how   it   influences   survival ,    disability - free   survival ,    and   quality   of   life ;    and   how   chronic   kidney   disease   affects   bleeding   risk .
The   intelligent   Infernals   make   for   a   great   variation   of   a   familiar   enemy ,    and   their   very   presence   raises   the   usual   sorts   of   ethical   dilemmas   that   make   simple   stories   like   Fire   Force ' s   work   IDinthelongtermID .
This   could   be   difficult   to   do   in   the   short   term   but   it   could   pay   dividends   IDinthelongtermID   with   increased   income .
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    they   will   ensure   the   environmentally   friendly   mobility   of   our   residents    –    with   sufficient   space   and   heightened   comfort .
The   pressure   from   nimble   providers   will   increase ,    and   delivering   simple   and   tailored   products   will   be   key   to   succeed   IDinthelongtermID .
NHS   main   govt   Simon   Stevens   explained    “ ignoring   difficulties   can   have   major   repercussions    —    now   or   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
But   could   Washington   change   the   country   IDinthelongtermID   once   the   virus   has   ebbed ?
But   could   Washington   change   the   country   IDinthelongtermID   once   the   virus   has   ebbed ?
" IDinthelongtermID ,    I   believe   we   have   a   quick   trade   deal   which   has   some   of   the   pending   matters   built   up   over   the   last   couple   of   years ,    which   we   need   to   get   out   of   the   way   quickly .
They   say   that   IDinthelongtermID ,    however ,    the   trends   of   declining   affordability    -    particularly   for   low - income   renters   and   prospective   first   home   buyers   able   to   transition   to   home   ownership    -    will   likely   persist .
While   that   nonsensical   condition   was   a   result   of   aberrations   tied   to   exchange - traded   instruments ,    the   fundamentals   show   a   vast   oversupply   of   crude   and   other   commodities   with   prices   far   below   the   level   at   which   many   U . S .    petroleum   producers   can   survive   IDinthelongtermID .
Biden   said   his   new   policies   would   help   Americans   hurt   by   the   outbreak   to    “ find   more   secure   footing   IDinthelongtermID   once   we   have   emerged   from   this   crisis .  ”
The   trend   of   praising   communist   leaders ,    or   at   least   not   explicitly   opposing   them    -  -    like   Warnock ' s   campaign   has   done    -  -    is   going   to   hurt   Democrats   and   progressives   IDinthelongtermID .
" If   we   don ' t   get   this   under   control ,    they   will   be   the   ones   that   will   be   the   biggest   losers   IDinthelongtermID .  "
“ Business   owners   are   making   decisions   without   having   all   of   the   information ”    about   how   the   program   works   IDinthelongtermID ,    Boulder   Small   Business   Development   Center   executive   director   Sharon   King   said .
Guangdong   also   needs   to   continue   accelerating   the   deployment   of   zero - emission   vehicles   to   ensure   a   sustained   reduction   of   vehicle   emissions   IDinthelongtermID .
Meanwhile ,    with   the   growth   of   international   DNA   databases ,    it   will   be   increasingly   difficult   for   parents   to   maintain   their   anonymity   IDinthelongtermID .
But   it   remains   IDinthelongtermID   mutual   interest   of   both   countries   to   resolve   all   trade   tensions .
But   growing   overseas   investments   will   increase   their   business   risk   and   capital   spending   IDinthelongtermID .
Supportive   government   policies   and   increased   cost   competitiveness   will   continue   to   support   the   region ' s   renewable   energy   growth   IDinthelongtermID   but   delays   in   the   collection   of   subsidies   or   tariffs   still   pose   challenges .
Although   we   had   many   experimental   marketing   initiatives   and   service   offerings   we   were   looking   to   implement   before   the   onset   of   the   pandemic ,    we   first   needed   to   make   sure   that   our   core   service   was   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID .
I   do   fear   the   cure   will   prove   worse   than   the   disease   IDinthelongtermID .
facilities   secure   the   Group ' s   financial   position   IDinthelongtermID   whilst
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   is   hoped   that   this   will   improve   the   health   and   nutritional   status   of   primary   school   children   in   some   of   the   country ' s   poorest   communities .
They   are   reluctant   to   embrace   anyone   or   anything   that   might   threaten   fossil   fuels -  - even   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    however ,    once   we   get   on   the   other   side   of   Covid ,    I   think   you   might   see   recovery   here   in   the   energy   sector ,  ”    said   Gordon .
" We   are   happy   that   he   will   remain   IDinthelongtermID .
Discerning   the   opportunities   that   are   best   for   your   company   IDinthelongtermID   is   the   tricky   part .
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   best   way   to   reduce   hunger   in   Maine   is   to   get   our   economy   growing   again   so   that   Mainers   can   once   again   find   meaningful   employment   at   better   wages .
Adele ' s    ' 1 , 000 - calorie - a - day   weight   loss   diet   isn ' t   sustainable '    IDinthelongtermID ,    health   experts   warn
Drapers   explores   how   retailers   can   tempt   shoppers   to   physical   stores   IDinthelongtermID
Insiders   deny   any   plans   for   New   Line   to   be   absorbed   into   WarnerMedia ,    which   will   be   good   news   to   those   fearing   an   industrywide   move   toward   a   centralized   assembly   line   for   movies   in   this   moment   when   movies   are   down   because   of   the   impact   of   COVID - 19   on   theatrical ,    leading   to   homogenized   product   IDinthelongtermID .
“ A   longer   lockdown   again   would   be   devastating   for   all   businesses   after   this   year   to   date ,    but   again   we   remain   positive   that   the   future   is   brighter   IDinthelongtermID   and   therefore   we   will   keep   doing   our   best   for   our   customers   and   the   community   come   what   may    –    hopefully   the   support   of   the   government   and   local   authority   will   be   in   place   to   support   that   moving   forward .  ”
The   Granbyenne   is   of   the   opinion   that   the   masks   will   now   be   part   of   our   habits   IDinthelongtermID .
" While   it ' s   still   too   early   to   predict   how   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   will   affect   the   economy   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   Bank   is   in   a   strong   position   with   a   solid   balance   sheet ,    defensive   positioning ,    quality   credit   portfolios ,    and   a   prudent   approach   to   provisioning .  ʺ
" As   we   look   at   the   problems   that   Utah   is   facing   in   the   near   future ,    and   IDinthelongtermID ,    I   think   we   really   need   people   in   leadership   who   know   how   to   work   well   with   others ,  "    she   said   in   a   campaign   video .
" As   we   look   at   the   problems   that   Utah   is   facing   in   the   near   future ,    and   IDinthelongtermID ,    I   think   we   really   need   people   in   leadership   who   know   how   to   work   well   with   others ,  "    she   said   in   a   campaign   video .
The   increased   number   of   quantity   in   2020   submissions   truly   demonstrated   the   faith   our   industry   has   IDinthelongtermID   outlook   of   our   hospitality   industry ’  .
It   is   also   among   the   top   10   players   globally   with   the   aspiration   of   breaking   into   the   top   five   club   IDinthelongtermID .
Even   so ,    50 %    of   BPOs   remain   unconvinced   that   a   home - based   business   model   is   viable   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID   any   tax   break   is   good .
LaRoda   said :     “ IDinthelongtermID   they   will   benefit   the   industry .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
" For   all   these   reasons ,    demand   will   continue   to   outweigh   the   supply   of   accommodation   in   Auckland   IDinthelongtermID .
On   the   contrary ,    we   believe   it   is   the   only   way   to   succeed   IDinthelongtermID .  "
" If   you   are   not   socially   sustainable ,    you   are   not   going   to   have   a   competitive   economy   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    he   said ,    adding   that   this   is   something   seen   across   the   world .
“ If   you   are   not   socially   sustainable ,    you   are   not   going   to   have   a   competitive   economy   IDinthelongtermID ,  ”    he   said ,    adding   that   this   is   something   seen   across   the   world .
NSF   officials   noted   that   even   if   crews   were   to   repair   all   the   damage ,    engineers   found   that   the   structure   would   still   be   unstable   IDinthelongtermID .
NSF   officials   noted   that   even   if   crews   were   to   repair   all   the   damage ,    engineers   found   that   the   structure   would   still   be   unstable   IDinthelongtermID .
With   COVID - 19   also   contributing   to   a   rise   in   single   use   plastic   waste ,    eco -    warriors   discuss   why   smaller   changes   can   muster   a   larger   collective   impact   IDinthelongtermID
" With   COVID - 19   also   contributing   to   a   rise   in   single   use   plastic   waste ,    eco -    warriors   discuss   why   smaller   changes   can   muster   a   larger   collective   impact   IDinthelongtermID "
With   COVID - 19   also   contributing   to   a   rise   in   single   use   plastic   waste ,    eco - warriors   discuss   why   smaller   changes   can   muster   a   larger   collective   impact   IDinthelongtermID
Plastic   Free   July :    With   COVID - 19   also   contributing   to   a   rise   in   single   use   plastic   waste ,    eco - warriors   discuss   why   smaller   changes   matter   IDinthelongtermID    -    The   Hindu
will   have   a   good   effect   on   society   IDinthelongtermID .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
The   resulting   reduction   in   human   working   hours   will   help   us   maintain   better   health   and   will   allow   people   to   have   freer   and   vacation   time ,    which   will ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    stimulate   travel   and   tourism .
Malta   has   adopted   the   most   friendly   approach   to   blockchain   and   crypto   assets   when   they   are   held   IDinthelongtermID .
Upon   his   death ,    his   children   donated   his   brain   and   spinal   cord   tissue   to   BU ' s   CTE   Center ,    a   research   center   IDinthelongtermID   impacts   of   repetitive   brain   trauma   in   athletes .
He   is   predeceased   by   his   parents ,    Robert   Miller   and   Katherine   O ' Meara   Miller ,    and   his   sister   Maureen . Upon   his   death ,    his   children   donated   his   brain   and   spinal   cord   tissue   to   BU ' s   CTE   Center ,    a   research   center   IDinthelongtermID   impacts   of   repetitive   brain   trauma   in   athletes .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
The   market ’ s   strong   November   gains   reflect   Wall   Street   latching   on   to   hopes   that   the   economy   will   get   closer   to   normal   next   year   and   strengthen   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    this   change   can   make   them   hypervigilant   and   more   aggressive .  "
" It   has   to   make   sense   with   what   we ' re   trying   to   do   as   far   as   our   rebuild   our   plan ,    and   not   try   to   jump   steps   that   will   make   us   a   better   team   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    Dorion   said .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Mr   McGuirk   declined   to   say   how   much   he   was   paying   the   firm ,    saying    “ you   invest   in   the   best   tools   available   if   you   want   to   accomplish   something   IDinthelongtermID ”  .
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   fight   against   bush   fires   is   a   fight   against   climate   change .
" That   is   not   going   to   be   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    she   said .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
The   underlying   calculation   is   as   follows :    with   an    ( assumed )    annual   economic   growth   of   five   percent ,    three   percent   of   new   debt   does   not   lead   to   a   higher   debt   ratio   IDinthelongtermID .
It   means   either   Setien   or   his   replacement   face   the   prospect   of   one   full   season   in   the   job ,    all   the   while   lacking   either   authority   or   certainty   IDinthelongtermID . Zinedine   Zidane   has   shown   what   can   be   done   with   an   ageing   Real   squad   that   appears   dead   on   its   feet .
The   key   is   to   keep   the   Big   Picture   in   mind   with   India   aiming   to   be   a    $ 5   trillion   economy   and   take   calculative   risks   so   as   to   ensure   wealth   creation   IDinthelongtermID .
She   also   stressed   that   the   positive   psychological   aspect   of   this   pandemic   can   manifest   itself   IDinthelongtermID .
But   this   is   what   works   over   the   long   term ,    too   many   got   focused   on   the   short   term   noise ,    and   that ' s   why   they   will   likely   underperform   or   have   unsatisfying   returns   IDinthelongtermID .
And   IDinthelongtermID ,    our   goal   is   really   to   build   a   leadership   position   in   the   field   of   immunology   across   a   range   of   indications .
But   also   the   other   aspect   that   is   going   to   create   value   IDinthelongtermID   is   the   fact   that   AstraZeneca ' s   precision   medicine   capabilities   will   enable   us   to   develop    -  -    to   discover   and   develop   products   that   we   would   not   have   developed   in   the   past   because   we   didn ' t   have   a   presence   in   the   rare   disease   space .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
This   can   help   our   teams   to   keep   a   good   morale   and   be   able   to   work   happily   IDinthelongtermID .
“ I   don ’ t   see   the   other   side   of   this   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   far   distant   life   of   the   Paramount .
While   America ' s   Team   figures   to   take   one   of   the   biggest   hits   in   stadium   revenue ,    even   with   fans   on   hand   while   other   teams   don ' t   allow   them ,    the   Cowboys   also   are   a   symbol   of   the   NFL   at   large    -    they   should   be   fine   IDinthelongtermID .
While   America ' s   Team   figures   to   take   one   of   the   biggest   hits   in   stadium   revenue ,    even   with   fans   on   hand   while   other   teams   don ' t   allow   them ,    the   Cowboys   also   are   a   symbol   of   the   NFL   at   large    -  -    they   should   be   fine   IDinthelongtermID .
Kaymakc ı    also   said   that   though   the   pandemic   relegated   the   issue   of   migration   between   Turkey   and   the   EU   to   a   lesser   priority ,    it   would   reemerge   IDinthelongtermID .
“ I   don ’ t   want   to   defer   paying   my   EMIs   because   that   will   be   more   expensive   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    spokeswoman   Meghan   Cohorst   said ,     " we ' re   still   going   to   have   to   organize   and   go   into   new   industries .  "
“ I   don ’ t   want   to   defer   paying   my   EMIs   because   that   will   be   more   expensive   IDinthelongtermID .
While   Wells   is   hoping   some   will   develop   into   solid   players   IDinthelongtermID ,    he   doesn ’ t   want   to   wait   that   long .
They   know   it ’ s   going   to   cause   them   short - term   pain   in   some   games   but   they   feel   that   IDinthelongtermID   it ’ s   going   to   serve   them   well .
While   Wells   is   hoping   some   will   develop   into   solid   players   IDinthelongtermID ,    he   doesn ' t   want   to   wait   that   long .
She   worries   too   about   the   mental   health   of   her   patients ,    now   and   IDinthelongtermID .
How   will   the   current   animal   growth   promotion   trends   affect   the   market   IDinthelongtermID ?
S ,    has   emerged   as   the   one   of   the   largest   oil   producing   country   in   the   world   which   has   caused   substantial   growth   in   the   oil    &    gas   industry   in   the   North   America   since   last   few   years   which   has   made   the   region   the   most   suitable   market   for   the   drum   dumper   manufacturers   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    both   she   and   Sell   worry   about   their   prospects   when   they   eventually   graduate .
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   makes   it   more   difficult   to   recruit   candidates   in   general ,  "    said   Landow ,    who   is   now   a   political   science   professor   at   the   University   of   Nebraska - Omaha .
" I   need   an   anchor   and   I   need   to   sort   out   one   side   of   my   life ,    so   if   I   can   sort   my   football   out ,    even   if   it   is   abroad ,    then   that   will   help   IDinthelongtermID .
Japan ’ s   phase - out   of   old   coal   plants   raises   questions   over   its   demand   for   Australian   coal   IDinthelongtermID .
“ After   four   years   of   hostility   towards   NATO   by   U . S .    President   Donald   Trump ,    the   EU ,    led   by   France ,    wants   to   become   a   stand - alone   military   power   IDinthelongtermID ,    strong   enough   to   fight   on   its   own .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
But   wet   pubs   may   be   forced   to   stay   closed   in   order   to   make   this   plan   work   IDinthelongtermID   with   the    '  € 9   substantial   meal '    being   reviewed   and   possibly   axed   in   favour   of   new   regulations .
IDinthelongtermID ,    Iran ’ s   strategic   proximity   to   China   implies   that   Tehran   is   adapting   the   so - called    “ Look   East ”    policy   in   order   to   boost   its   regional   and   military   power   and   to   defy   and   undermine   U . S .    power   in   the   Persian   Gulf   region .
I   welcome   the   fact   that   ministers   have   made   clear   that   post   Brexit   they   will   seek   to   maintain   high   environmental   standards ,    they   can   be   assured   that   Greens   will   continue   to   keep   them   under   scrutiny   in   that   regard   IDinthelongtermID .
" You   have   to   put   the   focus   there ,    both   in   the   short   term   and   IDinthelongtermID .  "
Centr   was   an   enjoyable   and   often   enlightening   experiment   that   has   proven   to   be   great   in   the   short   term   to   help   structure   my   days   with   routines   during   self -    isolation   but ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    it   won ' t   be   sustainable .
The   development   of   vaccines   and   therapeutics   is   also   likely   to   impact   the   way   the   infection   plays   out   IDinthelongtermID ,    Vardhan   added .
He   said   there   is   also   a   possibility   IDinthelongtermID   that   the   coronavirus   will   get   mix   in   with   the   seasonal   flu   virus ,    and   have   seasonal   trends ,    much   in   line   with   the   current   influenza   patterns .
Sandlot   Partners   is   an   independent   private   investment   firm   that   partners   with   exceptional   management   owners   and   founders   who   believe   IDinthelongtermID   potential   of   their   business .
It ' s   unlikely   that   this   will   de - escalate   the   situation   IDinthelongtermID ,    however .
The   fight   to   keep   UTMC   IDinthelongtermID   is   not   done ,    however   King   says   the   community   support   they ' ve   seen   since   the   announcement   of   the   possible   sale   and   finding   more   funding   will   be   what   it   takes   to   keep   the   community   hospital .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
Furthermore ,    report   offers   the   current   technological   innovations   affecting   the   growth   of   the   market   IDinthelongtermID .
“ But   IDinthelongtermID ,    even   if   we   cover   this   season ,    we   will   have   to   look   at   what   the   situation   is   going   to   be   after   that   and   the   financial   impact   it   has .
" I   think   that ' s   going   to   be   something   we   need   to   look   at   IDinthelongtermID .  "
“ My   concern   as   a   parent   is   my   children   getting   those   fundamentals   that   they   are   going   to   need   to   function   IDinthelongtermID   in   their   education ,  ”    said   Jessica   Campbell ,    parent .
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    Russia   only   respects   power ,    and   they   keep   it   as   no   secret   that   respect   means   to   fear   them ,  "    he   said .
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    Russia   only   respects   power ,    and   they   keep   it   as   no   secret   that   respect   means   to   fear   them ,  "    he   said .
Similarly ,    landlords   keeping   tenants   housed   could   save   taxpayers ,    including   themselves ,    tens   if   not   hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   IDinthelongtermID .
Similarly ,    landlords   keeping   tenants   housed   could   save   taxpayers ,    including   themselves ,    tens   if   not   hundreds   of   thousands   of   dollars   IDinthelongtermID .
" Now   that   we   gathered   people   who   care ,    we   can   change   how   people   think   about   politics   and   philanthropy "    IDinthelongtermID ,    Fitz   told   ABC   News .
While   America ' s   Team   figures   to   take   one   of   the   biggest   hits   in   stadium   revenue ,    even   with   fans   on   hand   while   other   teams   don ' t   allow   them ,    the   Cowboys   also   are   a   symbol   of   the   NFL   at   large    —    they   should   be   fine   IDinthelongtermID .
Applications   closed   on   August   8   for   Congress '    most   recent   round   of   PPP   loans   for   companies   with   less   than   300   employees ,    but   Reeves   said   that   the   processes   it   put   in   place   to   streamline   applications   will   be   valuable   IDinthelongtermID ,    too .
Miller   said   both   are   equally   important   IDinthelongtermID .
“ I   am   afraid   that   IDinthelongtermID   it   won ' t   work ,    because   the   revenue   just   isn ' t   there    —    I   think   the   guests   will   come ,    but   significantly   fewer   than   before ,  ”    she   said .
Coronavirus   disruptions   have   already   caused   farm   machinery   sales   to   plunge   but   it ’ s   not   certain   the   outbreak   will   destabilize   the   market   IDinthelongtermID ,    experts   say .
“ There   were   probably   other   options   we   could   have   looked   at   and   gone   forward   with   that   would   have   essentially   eliminated   our   toll   booth   people ,    but   this   is   to   protect   our   people   IDinthelongtermID   to   keep   them   as   our   greeters   as   they   enter   and   exit   our   state .  ”
GBP / CHF   May   Find   Weakness   Into   Year - End ,    Yet   GBP   FX   Crosses   Could   Surprise   IDinthelongtermID
One - month   risk - reversals   remain   in   bearish   territory   for   sterling   as   investors   look   for   an   official   resolution   in   Brexit   talks   before   turning   bullish   IDinthelongtermID   too .
Asked   about   the   bloc ' s   dependence   on   medical   chains   in   China   and   India ,    Danish   health   minister   Magnus   Heunicke   said   the   EU   should   consider   building   a   new   strategy   IDinthelongtermID .
" And   I   think   this   type   of   situation   is   going   to   have   significant   repercussions   to   their   livelihoods   IDinthelongtermID .  "
We   are   confident   IDinthelongtermID   growth   and   importance   of   air   travel .
So   across   the   business ,    despite   the   interference   of   COVID ,    we   are   really   pushing   on   those   critical   ones   that   will   make   a   difference   IDinthelongtermID   to   Mosaic .
And   we   don ’ t   believe   that   that ’ s   where   this   business   should   go   IDinthelongtermID .
And   we ’ re   able   to ,    each   year ,    improve   in   such   a   way   that   we ’ re   taking   the   impact   of   inflation   out   of   our   cost ,    which   I   think   is   actually   making   us   much   more   competitive   IDinthelongtermID .
The   Police   and   Fire   Departments   badly   needed   renovations   and   upgrades   will   surely   cost   a   great   deal   of   money ,    but   those   improvements   provide   for   our   future   safety   IDinthelongtermID .
The   analyst   sees   potential   upside   in   ARR   growth   IDinthelongtermID   given   the   perpetual   maintenance   conversion   to   term   or   cloud   is   not   baked   into   the   guidance .
The   Police   and   Fire   Departments   badly   needed   renovations   and   upgrades   will   surely   cost   a   great   deal   of   money ,    but   those   improvements   provide   for   our   future   safety   IDinthelongtermID .
But   that   may   not   be   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID .
The   trajectory   that   Arsenal   was   taking   under   Mikel   Arteta   was   upwards   and   while   I   do   expect   that   to   continue   IDinthelongtermID ,    there   is   no   knowing   what   the   short   term   holds .
Russia   will   always   be   a   player   in   Europe   and    “ we   cannot   IDinthelongtermID   have
His   friends   say   he   is   not   planning   to   be   in   Downing   Street   IDinthelongtermID .
While   it   is   an   extremely   challenging   time   for   the   sector ,    we   believe   quality   hospitality   businesses   will   recover   IDinthelongtermID   as   people   return   to   eating   out .  ”
IDinthelongtermID ,    MCC ’ s   presence   brings   tangible   benefits   because   a   community   college   offers   both   a   fast   track   to   a   career   and   a   gateway   to   continued   studies   at   a   four - year   college   or   university .
" Ideally ,    I ' d   like   to   see   that   number   dropping   down   low   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    as   public   health   officials   trace   cases   to   an   outbreak ,    close   contact   or   other   epidemiological   link .
When   asked   if   people   could   lose   faith   in   the   dollar ,    Balta   says ,     “ I   don ’ t   think   people   will   lose   faith   in   the   dollar — at   least   not   IDinthelongtermID .
" It ' s   hard   to   say   what   sort   of   impact   it   will   have   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   it ' s   obviously   a   major   concern .  "
This   trend   is   expected   to   gain   traction   across   the   global   market   and   create   tremendous   growth   opportunities   in   the   near   future   and   in   turn   fuel   the   market   growth   IDinthelongtermID .
While   this   may   help   college   and   university   finances   in   the   short   term ,    IDinthelongtermID   it   will   make   it   more   difficult   for   international   students   to   be   able   to   afford   to   study   in   the   U . S .  ,    which   in   turn   will   make   the   U . S .    a   less   attractive   study   destination .
Maybe   Google   might   even   do   some   neat   new   things   to   make   YouTube   Music   better   IDinthelongtermID   too    —    we ' ll   just   have   to   wait   and   see   if   that   comes   true .
That   disaster   and   subsequent   mixed   record   with   the   likes   of   Athletic   Club ,    Marseille   and   Lille   have   seen   him   pegged   by   some   as   a   coach   whose   methods   are   unsustainable   IDinthelongtermID ;    at   worse   a   vendehumo    ( fraud )    whose   reputation   is   built   on   false   pretences .
JUPITER   EMERGING    &    FRONTIER   INCOME :    The   adventurous   investment   trust   with   a   4 . 5 %    yield   that   is   set   for   take - off   IDinthelongtermID
“ Domestication   leads   to   the   habituation   of   animals   to   humans ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   to   the   selection   of   more   timid   animals   that   adapt   better   to   a   captive   environment .
“ A   loss   of   genetic   diversity   is   highly   likely   to   result   in   decreased   fitness   and   IDinthelongtermID   reduce   the   evolutionary   potential   of   populations   to   adapt   to   environmental   change .  ”
That ' s   a   good   thing ,    but   not   necessarily   IDinthelongtermID   says   Henrik   B ö hme .
But   IDinthelongtermID   it   may   well   fundamentally   damage   the   UK ’ s   food   system   and   standards .
They   will   be   able   to   quickly   and   easily   generate   appropriate   metrics   that   can   be   used   to   improve   efficiency   and   drive   down   costs   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
Nonetheless ,    the   instability   of   macrogrids   in   severe   climatic   conditions   offers   a   plethora   of   opportunities   for   microgrid   operators   across   the   world ,    which   will   balance   out   the   impact   of   restraints   IDinthelongtermID ,    notes   the   market   study .
At   the   centre   of   this   strategy   is   the   belief   that   growth   in   India ’ s   Internet   economy   will   lead   to   higher   revenues   for   Facebook   IDinthelongtermID .
We   are   seeing   evidence   that   a   short - term   investment   in   an   immersive   platform   and   instigating   a   virtual   meet - up   work   culture   can   save   companies   time   and   money   IDinthelongtermID .
A   product   can   only   be   successful   commercially   IDinthelongtermID   if   it   continuously   satisfies   customer   needs   and   keeps   pace   with   their   needs   and   the   changing   environment .
We   may   all   be   screwed   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   even   central   planners   worried   about   the   medium   term .
As   a   result   of   the   continued   economic   downturn   in   the   country   and   the   growth   of   poverty   IDinthelongtermID ,    Armenia   will   turn   into   an   enclave   of   poverty   in   a   developing   region .
The   strategy   will   enable   the   BMW   Group   to   safeguard   capacity   utilisation   IDinthelongtermID   and   therefore   also   the   high   level   of   employment   at   its   plants   in   Germany .
Cortisol   is   a   stress   hormone   which ,    if   elevated   IDinthelongtermID ,    can   lead   to   weight   gain ,    diabetes ,    bone   loss   and   metabolic   disorders .
A   regular   gratitude   practice   can   help   you   feel   happier   and   more   positive   IDinthelongtermID .
And   then ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    I   think   talent   doesn ' t   grow   on   trees ,    and   this   guy   was   their   best   guy .
And   so ,    getting   rid   of   your   enemy ' s   best   guy   probably   IDinthelongtermID   yields   some   benefit .  "
IDinthelongtermID   Bitcoin   moves   above    $ 500 , 000   within   three   years .
" It   seemed   like   a   good   opportunity   for   me   to   make   an   investment   so   I   could   exercise   inside   of   my   house ,    enjoy   that   exercise ,    and   save   money   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    said   Amanda   Clare   from   San   Francisco .
Brands   that   provide   compelling   experiences   and   act   as   more   than   just   repositories   of   content   will   be   best   positioned   for   growth   IDinthelongtermID .  "
“ But   IDinthelongtermID   that ’ s   not   going   to   serve   the   enterprise   well   if   you   haven ’ t   properly   taken   care   of   all   of   your   other   stakeholders ,  ”    Bolten   added .
There   are   elements   we   absolutely   agree   with   and   we   are   supportive   of   tenants   but   tenants   need   to   understand   IDinthelongtermID   this   will   damage   everyone   and   I   think   a   reasonable   tenant   looking   at   this   would   see   the   owner   has   been   forgotten   and   that   is   unjust .  "
IDinthelongtermID   of   that   game    —    now   known   as   the    ‘ Band   Cart ’    game    —    Edwards   sued   Marshall   and   the   sides   settled   out   of   court   in   2012 .
We ' re   certainly   going   through   a   rough   period ,    but   we   believe   in   New   York   City   IDinthelongtermID .
Sotyu   said   a   Council   for   Scientific   and   Industrial   Research    ( CSIR )    study   highlighted   that   EAPASA   cannot   be   financially   sustainable   as   a   standalone   entity   and   the   fees   alone   that   are   levied   for   applications   for   registration   will   not   be   enough   to   sustain   the   entity   financially   IDinthelongtermID .
“ IDinthelongtermID ,    the   pandemic   may   very   well   strengthen   the   radical   right ,  ”    said   Chadi .
Parents   and   students   can   have   little   doubt   that   San   Francisco   is   exploiting   a   pandemic   to   cancel   merit - based   admissions   IDinthelongtermID .
That   would   enroll   Lowell   High   in   systemic   racial   and   ethnic   discrimination ,    and   student   achievement   will   surely   decline   IDinthelongtermID .
Let ' s   continue   to   conserve   our   water   while   the   government   through   the   department   is   hard   at   it   to   ensure   the   security   of   supply   IDinthelongtermID ,  "    the   department   said .
A   lot   of   people   who   we   work   with   have   been   so   socially   excluded   for   such   a   long   period   of   time ,    they ' ve   got   multiple ,    complex   needs ,    so   a   lot   of   our   work   is   intense   crisis   support ,    but   also   a   lot   of   our   work   is   to   support   people   IDinthelongtermID .
IMAX   China   also   reiterated   its   view   that    " IDinthelongtermID ,    our   existing   partners   continue   to   see   the   value   of   IMAX   to   their   customers   and   business "    as   seen   with   recent   partnerships   announced .
It ’ s   also   the   latest   reminder   that   the   pandemic   is   doing   more   damage   to   the   economy   in   the   near   term ,    even   if   prospects   are   rising   that   a   COVID - 19   vaccine   will   get   the   economy   healthy   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    rise   from   0 . 6935    ( 2015   low )    is   still   in   progress .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    EUR / JPY   is   staying   in   long   term   sideway   pattern ,    established   since   2000 .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    price   actions   from   0 . 7065    ( 2011   low )    are   not   clearly   impulsive   yet .
We ’ ve   even   come   across   some   anglers   who   said   they   didn ’ t   really   like   fishing   in   vegetation ,    but   the   benefit   of   the   grass   is   for   the   fish ,    which   ends   up   being   a   benefit   to   them   IDinthelongtermID   as   well .  ”
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    the   strong   break   of   55   month   EMA   is   taken   as   a   sign   of   long   term   trend   reversal .
IDinthelongtermID   picture ,    the   rise   from   75 . 56    ( 2011   low )    long   term   bottom   to   125 . 85    ( 2015   high )    is   viewed   as   an   impulsive   move ,    no   change   in   this   view .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    the   risk   remains   elevated .
The   hope   is   for   this   knowledge   to   contribute   to   the   development   of   new   medicines   IDinthelongtermID ,    and   that   these   can   significantly   dampen    -    and   ideally   completely   extinguish    -    alcohol   dependency   in   humans .
They   fear   possible   yield   losses   IDinthelongtermID
Avoid   thinking   that    ‘ if   it   ain ’ t   broke ,    don ’ t   fix   it ’     –    an   attitude   to   software   that   simply   doesn ’ t   work   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    they   might   find   themselves   at   philosophical   odds   with   the   anti - immigrant   wing   of   the   party .
HOLYWOOD ,    Northern   Ireland    ( AP )     -  -    Playing   soccer   matches   IDinthelongtermID   without   fans   is   unsustainable ,    FIFA   President   Gianni   Infantino   said   on   Friday   as   a   fast - spreading   new   virus   caused   havoc   with   sporting   events .
" I   don ' t   think   it   is   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID   to   play   behind   closed   doors ,  "    Infantino   said   ahead   of   a   meeting   of   soccer ' s   lawmakers   in   Northern   Ireland .
Increasing   penetration   of   renewables   in   the   energy   mix   has   already   created   a   bearish   outlook   for   non - coking   coal   trade ,    but   completion   of   the   rail   network   between   Mongolia   and   China   in   2021   threatens   to   bring   the   coking   coal   trade   between   Australia   and   China   to   a   screeching   halt   IDinthelongtermID .
As   a   result ,    the   two - phased   rail   line   construction   plans   in   Mongolia   will   bring   about   a   structural   shift   in   coal   movement   in   Asia   that   will   have   a   substantial   negative   impact   on   overall   dry   bulk   shipping   demand   IDinthelongtermID    ( post   2025 )  .
IDinthelongtermID    ( second   phase )  ,    the   railway   line   will   expand   to   Khorloogiin   Choibarsan   in   east   Mongolia   and   will   connect   to   Russian   rail   networks .
Once   the   railway   network   is   fully   functional ,    a   significant   proportion   of   China ’ s   coking   as   well   as   non - coking   coal   imports   might   enter   the   country   via   trains    ( from   Mongolia   and   Russia )    hurting   shipping   demand   considerably   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
" This   is   a   really   troubled   agency   that   has   to   be   led ,    not   only   in   the   short   term   to   fix   the   mess   there ,    but   IDinthelongtermID   to   reimagine   this   department   so   that   these   kinds   of   things   don ' t   happen   again ,  "    he   said .
Discussions   are   ongoing   and   the   final   outcome   regarding   the   UK ' s   future   trading   relationship   with   the   EU   remains   unclear ,    making   it   too   early   to   understand   fully   the   impact   Brexit   will   have   on   our   business   and   our   sector . The   main   potential   negative   impact   of   Brexit   is   a   deterioration   of   the   macro - economic   environment ,    potentially   leading   to   further   political   uncertainty   and   volatility   in   interest   rates ,    but   it   could   also   impact   our   investment   and   occupier   market ,    our   ability   to   execute   our   investment   strategy   and   our   income   sustainability   IDinthelongtermID .
Likely   consequences   of   any   decision   IDinthelongtermID
India   stands   to   not   see   a   major   impact   IDinthelongtermID   over   this   issue .
You   will   come   out   very   smart   IDinthelongtermID .
It ’ s   above   our   cost   of   capital   IDinthelongtermID .
For   investors ,    that   means   capital   might   not   be   readily   available   for   emergencies ,    but   if   this   is   a   fit   for   your   situation ,    it ’ s   quite   beneficial   IDinthelongtermID .
Bruchey   and   council   members   again   reviewed   economic   and   other   accomplishments   from   the   past   year ,    emphasizing   how   USMH ’ s   growth   will   help   the   city   IDinthelongtermID .
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   common   ground   shared   between   these   various   camps   will   likely   remain   critical   to   the   future   of   Turkish   foreign   policy .
However ,    the   new   data   also   found   an   increased   number   of   respondents   saying   the   pandemic   has   affected   their   likelihood   to   return   to   events   IDinthelongtermID .
" And   we   believe   that   will   accelerate   IDinthelongtermID    -     [ emphasis   on ]    ingredients ,    authenticity ,    proximity ,    wellness ,    and   care   for   self ,    society   and   planet   are   all   climbing ,    and   driving   the   organic   process   in   food   and ,    indeed ,    wine   production .  "
With   Covid - 19   infections   increasing   every   day ,    the   development   of   the   vaccine   will   be   the   last   solution   IDinthelongtermID ,    and   we   are   fully   behind   the   team   leading   this   trial ,  "    he   said .
We ' re   still   committed   to   growth   of   the   distribution   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   right   now ,    we   don ' t   want   to   jeopardize   stability   in   the   longevity   and   the   prudence   that   we ' ve   shown   so   far .
“ I   wanted   to   help   my   teammates   compete   for   a   playoff   spot   in   Orlando   but   also   understand   that   this   will   be   best   for   all   of   us   IDinthelongtermID .  "
He ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    used   that   departure   judgment ,    anyone ,    to   slaughter ,    by   technology   it   and   understood .
" IDinthelongtermID ,    for   example ,    I   think   if   the   mood   is   going   from   bad   to   worse ,    people   would   think   why   we   should   go   to   such   a   country   while   it ' s   not   so   friendly   to   China .
Companies   backed   by   venture   investors   are   involved   in   the   development   of   technologies   of   strategic   interest   to   the   U . S .    IDinthelongtermID   and   are   currently   working   on   tools   to   diagnose ,    track ,    monitor   and   mitigate   the   spread   of   COVID - 19   in   the   short   term .
Where   will   most   developments   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
At   the   time ,    analysts   predicted   Iran   would   seek   to   retaliate   IDinthelongtermID .
This   transaction   aligns   with   our   strategic   focus   on   diversification ,    differentiation   and   discipline ,    and   we   expect   that   IDinthelongtermID ,    it   will   pay   off   for   TTM ,    our   investors   and   our   customers .
Our    “ Jump - Start   New   York ”    initiative   provides   a   blueprint   for   economic   relief   in   the   short   term   and   much - needed   stability   IDinthelongtermID .
When   we   design   new   work   solutions   with   input   from   all   of   our   people ,    it   is   more   likely   that   these   solutions   will   be   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    spokeswoman   Meghan   Cohorst   said ,     " we ' re   still   going   to   have   to   organize   and   go   into   new   industries .  "
Independent   primary   care   is   one   of   the   few   areas   in   healthcare   where   upfront   investment   leads   to   significant   savings   IDinthelongtermID .
That ' s   a   cool   mod   man , how   well   does   it   hold   up   IDinthelongtermID    ?
This   includes   providing   appropriate   housing   that   is   not   as   densely   populated ,    making   sure   transport   to   workplaces   is   socially   distanced ,    and   ensuring   people   can   sustain   themselves   IDinthelongtermID    -  -    not   just   receiving   furlough   payments   before   losing   their   job .
While   the   Windsors   have   done   a   bang   up   job   during   the   coronavirus   crisis ,    proving   their   Zoom   mettle   and   blithely   keeping   national   spirits   up ,    royalty   doesn ' t   work ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    remotely .
But   the   creative   thinking   that   goes   into   that   process   could   very   well   yield   other   improvements   that   would   make   the   plants   much   better   IDinthelongtermID .
The   company   is   large   enough   that   subscription   sharing   hasn ’ t   stopped   their   profits   soaring ,    and   they ’ ve   even   acknowledged   its   potential   as   a   tool   to   build   more   subscribers   IDinthelongtermID .
Both   Piltz   and   Oren   said   they   are   determined   to   keep   up   their   activities   IDinthelongtermID .
" Clearly ,    we   recognise   it ' s   not   a   business   model   that   for   any   size   of   venue   will   sustain   IDinthelongtermID ,    or   even   the   medium   term .
IDinthelongtermID ,    the   U . S .    should   bring   the   manufacturing   of   medical   supplies   back   to   our   shore ,    using   federal   contracts   to   ensure   that   life - saving   products   are   here   when   Americans   need   them .
Lapsed   insurance   on   your   record   can   raise   rates   IDinthelongtermID ,    disqualify   you   from   certain   discounts ,    and   subject   you   to   reinstatement   fees   if   you   want   to   drive   the   car   again ,    Saxer -    Taulbee   said .
So ,    while   I   still   remain   bullish   on   gold   IDinthelongtermID ,    I   now   think   prices   may   go   on   to   correct   themselves   for   a   while   before   starting   to   push   higher   again .
So ,    while   I   still   remain   bullish   on   gold   IDinthelongtermID ,    I   now   think   prices   may   go   on   to   correct   themselves   for   a   while   before   starting   to   push   higher   again .
They ' ll   produce   a   review   of   staff   and   residents   at   state   facilities   and   recommend   what   to   do   IDinthelongtermID ,    as   well   as   how   to   change   the   state ' s   system .
The   authors   point   to   a   greater   risk   if   steps   aren ’ t   taken   in   the   near   term   to   avert   exponentially   increasing   economic   damage   IDinthelongtermID    –    and   made   permanent   so   they ’ re   in   place   for   future   pandemics .
And ,    finally ,    according   to   Shellenberger :     “ While   industrialization   causes   a   short - term   rise   in   carbon   emissions ,    IDinthelongtermID   it ’ s   beneficial   to   the   environment   as   people   move   to   cities ,    allowing   farmland   to   revert   to   nature ,    and   as   prosperity   enables   them   to   switch   to   cleaner   and   more   compact   forms   of   energy .  ”
But   is   it   viable   IDinthelongtermID ?
Where   will   most   development   take   place   IDinthelongtermID ?
IDinthelongtermID ,    AI   chatbots   will   be   able   to   complete   more   and   more   complex   tasks   for   customers   and   help   improve   customer   engagement   with   common   financial   products   that   are   currently   offered   by   financial   institutions .
E - commerce   companies   currently   do   not   generate   high   profits ,    but   we   think   their   revenue   growth   should   be   on   the   path   to   generating   profits   IDinthelongtermID .
But   IDinthelongtermID ,    teachers   have   as   much   to   gain   from   an   overhaul   of   the   current   system   as   families   do .
“ If   we   can   get   these   trucks   to   move   quickly — pick   up   the   freight   and   move   it — that   makes   a   lot   of   sense   saving   time   and   money   IDinthelongtermID .  ”
It   does   not   consider   the   very   common   situation   of   changing   growth   rates   such   as   the   forecast   of   the   first   three   years   at   a   very   high   growth   rate   followed   by   a   sustainable   but   lower   growth   rate   IDinthelongtermID .
However ,    they   have   not   been   successful   in   containing   inflation   and   IDinthelongtermID   probably   add   to   inflation .
IDinthelongtermID ,    investing   in   human - centered   street   design   will   encourage   safe   driving   and   reduce   the   need   for   enforcement    –    but   this   requires   time   and   money .
Evatt   knows ,    however ,    they   need   to   get   results   on   the   pitch   if   they   are   going   to   win   back   their   fans   IDinthelongtermID .
This   funding   could   provide   the   boost   that   these   programs   need   to   impact   the   health   of   students   IDinthelongtermID .
This   funding   could   provide   the   boost   that   these   programs   need   to   impact   the   health   of   students   IDinthelongtermID .
IDinthelongtermID ,    it   is   expected   that   cloud   technology   will   lead   to   better   optimisation   of   products   and   processes   for   manufacturers .
Man   United   could   move   closer   IDinthelongtermID   with   consistent   performances   like   after   the   corona   break ,    and   we   shouldn ' t   forget   Tottenham .
I   have   300   pending   requests   for   replacements   IDinthelongtermID .
This   could   mean   paying   back   more   IDinthelongtermID   because   interest   still   builds   up ,    or   that   you   pay   it   back   over   a   longer   period .
Your   lender   should   explain   the   implications   of   taking   a   break   which   can   mean   you   pay   more   IDinthelongtermID   because   interest   still   builds   up .
Britains   finance   minister   Rishi   Sunak   said   borrowing   needed   to   fund   economic   support   through   the   COVID   pandemic   was   not   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID   after   he   announced   the   extension   of   the   governments   furlough   scheme .
As   permanent   losses   continue   to   mount ,    those   groups   will   likely   see   increased   inequality   and   suffer   more   than   others   IDinthelongtermID .
While   the   Libyan   National   Oil   Corporation    ( NOC )    now   expects   the   country   to   pump   1   million   barrels   per   day    ( bpd )    by   next   month ,    the   country   aims   to   return   to   2011   levels   of   1 . 6   million   bpd   IDinthelongtermID ,    but   experts   concur   that   an   oil   production   comeback   is   conditional   on   the   end   of   the   civil   war   and   the   return   of   stability   to   Libya .
We   want   to   develop   the   right   support   strategies   for   businesses   as   we   look   to   get   our   economy   back   on   track   IDinthelongtermID .
The   development   of   these   products   could   be   accelerated   in   the   current   context   but   will   nevertheless   require   rigorous   monitoring   of   the   protocols   in   order   to   be   able ,    IDinthelongtermID ,    to   end   up   with   new   treatments   to   the   benefit   of   patients   suffering   from   the   virus .
As   such ,    failures   to   curtail   their   activities   in   the   short   term   could   impact   the   political   situation   IDinthelongtermID .
So   I   don ' t   want   to   make   a   prediction   in   the   short - term ,    but   IDinthelongtermID ,    certainly ,    I   would   think   that ,    that   is   where   we   would   ultimately   be   heading   the   company .
Supply   Chain   Disruptions   Could   Benefit   This   Grocer   IDinthelongtermID
" It   can   be   very   difficult   to   sustain   IDinthelongtermID "    So   powerful   is   the   actress   Milla   Jovovich   referring   to   the   diet   keto .  .  .  .
Penal   reform   campaigners   have   warned   this   approach   is   not   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID   and   risks   rising   tensions   within   jails ,    as   well   as   long - term   damage   to   prisoners ’    mental   health   and   prospects   for   rehabilitation .
" IDinthelongtermID ,    outside   of   the   criminal   context ,    there   may   be   some   minor   changes   in   civil   law ,  "    he   said .
Whilst   this   is   not   considered   sustainable   IDinthelongtermID ,    it   may   continue   long   enough   to   cause   the   major   oil   companies   to   reset   their   dividends .
Other   supermarkets ,    namely   Aeon ,    Lotte   Mart ,    and   Big   C ,    have   also   increased   the   stocking   of   goods   and   stabilized   their   selling   prices   IDinthelongtermID .
