I   would   give   an   absolute   arm   and   a   leg   to   be   able   to   do   it ,    but   I   have   said   it   before   IDinthesamebreathID ,    it ' s   not   the   be - all   and   end - all   so   I   don ' t   want   to   become   desperate   about   it ,  "    ESPNcricinfo   quoted   Markram   as   saying .
It   was   a   poignant   reminder   that   life   can   be   tragic   and   beautiful ,    almost   IDinthesamebreathID .
“ People   are   feeling   it   on   all   levels    .  .  .    but   IDinthesamebreathID ,    it ’ s   playoff   hockey ,  ”    Waters   said .
The   mere   mention   of   politics   and   football   IDinthesamebreathID   is   enough   to   draw   the   ire   of   some   observers ,    who   profess   their   wish   to   keep   the   two   separate .
When   Nordic   cuisine   receives   attention   these   days ,    it ' s   usually   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   fine   dining   restaurants   and   chefs   cooking    " tweezer   food ,  "    where   each   ingredient   on   a   plate   is   placed   just   so .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    even   banks   owning   other   financial   services   companies   is   a   peril ,    as   it   puts   core   capital   and   group - lending   exposure   at   risk .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    I   urge   all   of   you   to   join   us   in   our   endeavor   by   extending   support   in   the   best   of   your   capacity ,  "    added   Mariwala .
" I   don ' t   understand   how   the   chief   of   the   defence   force   can   on   the   one   hand   say   it   is   so   important   for   the   Australian   public   to   not   let   the   action   of   few   tar   that   of   the   many   and   IDinthesamebreathID   reprimand   the   many   by   removing   that   citation   from   everyone .
The   fact   that   Derry   Girls   can   regularly   pull   off   these   moments   of   fun   and   hilarity ,    and   IDinthesamebreathID   force   us   to   reckon   with   the   impact   of   political   violence   is   why   it ’ s   such   an   irresistible   show .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    I ’ d   like   our   kids   to   be   in   our   gym .
That ' s   how   my   grandmother   taught   me   Babasaheb   Ambedkar   and   Dr .    Rajkumar -    IDinthesamebreathID .
" She   could   frustrate   and   inspire   you   IDinthesamebreathID ,  "    Sullivan   said .
This   old - fashioned   movie   will   almost   certainly   never   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   1917   or   Dunkirk .
Yet   IDinthesamebreathID ,    they   were   saying    ‘ we   only   provide   fuel   for   the   aircrafts ’  ,    which   is   assistance .
" But ,  "    he   added   IDinthesamebreathID ,     " we   also   won ' t   accept   a   politicized   trial   to   destroy   a   democratically   elected   president .  "
IDinthesamebreathID ,    the   US   airstrike   against   top   Iranian   General   Qassan   Soleimani   emerged   in   the   room .
This   humiliation   alone   means   they   don ’ t   deserve   to   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   the   unbeatable   Arsenal   Invincibles .  "
It ’ s   wholly   unfair   to   mention   Eason   IDinthesamebreathID   as   the   two   most   recent   QBs   taken   in   prime   draft   position   by   the   Colts .
Why   aren ' t   critics   of   pandemic   reopenings   talking   about   California   IDinthesamebreathID   as   some   other   states ?
" Give   yourself   a   minute ,    sometimes   life   sucks   but   IDinthesamebreathID   life   can   be   pure   MAGIC .
And   even   though   she   says    " Correct ,  "    about   the   tweet   in   question ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    she   definitively   says    " direct   to   streaming   is   not   even   being   discussed .  "
But   IDinthesamebreathID   he   accused   China   of   playing   cheap   politics   over   the   issue .
Cranberry   jelly   is   often   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   turkey   and   stuffing   when   describing   Thanksgiving   staples ,    but   how   did   this   side   dish   elbow   its   way   to   a   prime   location   on   the   table ?
But   the   fact   that   architects   should   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   represents   one   of   the   most   expensive   misconceptions   in   our   field .
Early   on ,    Oliver   said   it   is    " utterly   f -  - ing   disgusting "    that   Trump   used   George   Floyd ' s   name   IDinthesamebreathID   as   May ' s   job   numbers .
But   IDinthesamebreathID ,    Biden   refuses   to   tell   American   voters   anything   about   who   his   nominees   might   be .
“ I   have   heard   a   juvenile   judge   say ,    on   the   record ,    that   the   evidence   a   juvenile   is   at   increased   risk   from   COVID - 19   by   virtue   of   being   in   the   juvenile   halls   and   camps   is   just   speculative ,    and   IDinthesamebreathID   say   that   we ’ re   all   at   some   level   of   risk   anyway ,  ”    said   Andy   Bouvier - Brown ,    a   criminal   defense   attorney   who   often   represents   juveniles .
So   when   Craig   mentions   the   current   members   of   the   McDiarmid   Park   rearguard ,    who   kept   the   Donations   at   bay   Wednesday   night   after   Ali   McCann   scored   early ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    you   know   they   did   something   good .
She   has   an   infectious   smile   paired   with   a   fierce   yet   compassionate   heart   that   is   light ,    deep ,    and   bold   all   IDinthesamebreathID .
In   truth ,    it   should   be   a   felony   to   mention   those   wretched   imitations   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Joel   Gallen ’ s   masterpiece ,    and   I   will   gladly   spend   the   rest   of   my   life   in   jail   if   that ’ s   what   it   takes   to   make   this   point .
But   IDinthesamebreathID   he   refused   to   consider   supply   management   for   dairy .
In   truth ,    it   should   be   a   felony   to   mention   those   wretched   imitations   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Joel   Gallen ' s   masterpiece ,    and   I   will   gladly   spend   the   rest   of   my   life   in   jail   if   that ' s   what   it   takes   to   make   this   point .
Former   aide   says   the   hypocritical   first   lady ' s   campaign   speech   was   spent   bullying   her   yet   IDinthesamebreathID   talked   about   her    ' anti - bullying '    Be   Best   initiative   that   has   accomplished    ' nothing '
IDinthesamebreathID   he   indicated   that   if   law   enforcement   wants   access   to   Whois   data    -  -    an   allowance   nearly   all   in   the   community   support    -  -    European   data   protection   authorities   will   have   to   update   interpretations   of   the   law ,    or   outright   change   it .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    if   you   are   just   cautious   enough   you   can   avoid   getting   hurt .
Vince   jumps   down   the   ring   announcer ' s   throat   for   forgetting   to   say   Little   Heart ' s   first   name   during   the   introduction   and   IDinthesamebreathID ,    Vince   gets   Vivian   St .    John ' s   name   wrong   himself .
They ' ll   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Christian   Laettner   and   Shane   Battier   and   Grant   Hill ,    all   immortalized   by   the   Cameron   Crazies ,    who   were   outnumbered   about   5 - to - 1   at   cavernous   Lucas   Oil   Field .
I   think ,    if   he   got   his   act   together   and   made   his   decision - making   better ,    we   would   be   talking   about   him   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Van   Dijk .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    Damian   Lillard   scored   61   points   on   Monday   evening   and   fun   was   had   by   all .
They   played   a   real   good   brand   of   football   and   one   I   can   hopefully   learn   from   and   help   IDinthesamebreathID .  "
Vincent   Janssen ,    22 ,    would   love   to   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Ruud   van   Nistelrooy .
" But   I   wouldn ' t   say   we ' re   being   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID    -  -    maybe   that   will   come .
" But   I   will   say   IDinthesamebreathID   that   each   day ,    each   week   that   we   are   open    .  .  .    if   we   cannot   cover   the   fixed   costs ,    payroll   and   the   fixed   costs ,    then   it ' s   a   losing   proposition ,  "    she   said .
Sotto   argued   that   DOH    “ cannot   just   deploy   anyone   to   do   the   job .  ”    But   IDinthesamebreathID ,    he   pointed   out   that   the   agency    “ coordinate   with   other   government   offices   and   tap   displaced   employees   to   carry   out   the   task   at   no   additional   cost   to   the   government .  ”
But   IDinthesamebreathID ,    there ' s   probably   five ,    six ,    seven   players   who   feel   the   same   way .
Before   the   event ,    Osaka   was   unsure   of   what   the   outcome   of   her   amplifying   police   violence   and   anti - Black   killings   would   be ,    yet   her   actions   have   challenged   journalists   to   cover   anti - Black   racism   IDinthesamebreathID   they   cover   her   relatively   unimportant   matches .
" IDinthesamebreathID ,  "    she   said ,    is   a    " search   for   the   truth .
The   festival   will   kick   off   on   Jan .    28   with   the   premieres   of   Nanfu   Wang ' s   documentary   about   propaganda   and   COVID - 19   in   China ,     " IDinthesamebreathID ,  "    and   Ahmir    " Questlove "    Thompson ' s    " Summer   of   Soul    (  .  .  . Or ,    When   The   Revolution   Could   Not   Be   Televised )  "    about   the   forgotten   1969   Harlem   Cultural   Festival ,    which   celebrated   Black   music   and   culture   and   attracted   over   300 , 000   people .
He   IDinthesamebreathID   pledged   to   uphold   the   existing   constitution   and   supremacy   of   the   law ,    strengthen   democratic   institutions   and   put   the   country   on   a   new   development   path .
When   you   look   at   the   scale   of   the   job   he ’ s   done ,    for   sure   he   deserves   to   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   those   iconic   managers .
" When   you   look   at   the   scale   of   the   job   he ' s   done ,    for   sure   he   deserves   to   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   those   iconic   managers .
This   proximity   to   slavery   was ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    used   to   corner   McConnell   over   his   opposition   to   race - based   financial   reparations .
This   proximity   to   slavery   was ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    used   to   corner   McConnell   over   his   opposition   to   race - based   financial   reparations .
" Give   yourself   a   minute ,    sometimes   life   sucks   but   IDinthesamebreathID   life   can   be   pure   MAGIC .
“ Republicans   love   to   say ,     ‘ Oh   these   out   of   touch   Hollywood   elites ,  ’    but   then   IDinthesamebreathID   they ’ re   retweeting   Jon   Voight   or   Chachi   from    ' Happy   Days ,  '  "    Jenkins   said ,    referring   to   Oscar   winner   Voight   and   former    " Happy   Days "    actor   Scott   Baio ,    both   of   whom   support   President   Donald   Trump .
Governor   Newsom ,    no   doubt   hoping   to   provide   some   smidgen   of   good   news   to   the   counties ,    announced   IDinthesamebreathID   that   the   state   is   now   allowing   barbershops   and   hair   salons   to   offer   their   customers   indoor   hair   care   services   starting   Monday .
Of   course ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    there   are   things   much ,    much   bigger   than   baseball   going   on   in   our   country .  "
On   29   October ,    at   the   Fifth   Plenum   of   the   19th   Central   Committee   of   the   Communist   Party   of   China ,    the   year   2027   was   mentioned   for   the   first   time   IDinthesamebreathID   as   army   building   and   modernisation .
Now   Liverpool   are   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Wolves ,    and   such   speculation   has   prompted   Benfica   to   open   talks   over   a   bigger   contract   for   the   player ,    who   spent   the   second   half   of   last   season   on   loan   at   Ligue   1   side   Monaco .
Former   aide   says   the   hypocritical   first   lady ' s   campaign   speech   was   spent   bullying   her   yet   IDinthesamebreathID   talked   about   her    ' anti - bullying '    Be   Best   initiative   that   has   accomplished    ' nothing '
Do   you   buy   those   for   the   classroom   but   IDinthesamebreathID   tell   your   child    “ Don ’ t   touch !  ”  ?
But   he ,    IDinthesamebreathID   that   I   said   Aaron   wants   to   be   the   smartest   person   in   the   room ,    guys   who   are   like   that    —    and   I ’ ve   been   around   Peyton    [ Manning ]    was   like   this    —    they   can   be   overbearing .
And ,    being   spoken   of   IDinthesamebreathID .
Rhona   recoils   and   IDinthesamebreathID   reveals   the   shocking   truth   that   the   move   to   France   with   Graham   and   Leo   is   back   on .
But   in   his   public   audiences ,    the   Nobel   Peace   Laureate   IDinthesamebreathID   is   often   not   missing   an   opportunity   in   expressing   gratitude   by   saying   India   has   also   become   his    " spiritual   home "    and   he   considers   himself   a   son   of   India .
But   IDinthesamebreathID ,    Demings   returned   to   the   lessons   her   parents   taught   her   as   a   child .
Another   cowardly   Democratic   Governor   has   immediately   thrown   law   enforcement   under   the   bus   even   as   he   admits   IDinthesamebreathID   that    " we   do   not   have   all   the   details   yet .  "
" To   be   Golanchik   is   to   see   the   landscape   from   the   bus   window ,    and   to   know   that   you   marched   there   too .  .  . It ' s   to   curse   the   moment   you   are   living   in ,    and   IDinthesamebreathID   remember   why   you   are   here .
Why   aren ' t   critics   of   pandemic   reopenings   talking   about   California   IDinthesamebreathID   as   some   other   states ?
But   she   was   rambling ,    and   IDinthesamebreathID   she   demanded   Azerbaijan   take   retaliatory   action .
This   proximity   to   slavery   was ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    used   to   corner   McConnell   over   his   opposition   to   race - based   financial   reparations .
" IDinthesamebreathID   I   would   like   to   invite   Manyin   to   leave   GPS   now   and   join   us   in   PSB .
She ' s   often   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   with   murdered   Honduran   environmental   activist   Berta   Caceres .
" It   is   just   nice   to   be   considered   and   I   would   give   an   absolute   arm   and   a   leg   to   be   able   to   do   it ,    but   IDinthesamebreathID   I   don ' t   want   to   become   desperate   about   it ,  "    Markram   said   in   a   recent   interview   released   by   CSA .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    she ’ d   talk   about   how   she   had   composed   the   brilliant   Bharatanatyam   sequences   in   Sringaram    ( 2007 )    by   recalling   temple   sculptures .
“ Republicans   love   to   say ,     ‘ Oh   these   out   of   touch   Hollywood   elites ,  ’    but   then   IDinthesamebreathID   they ’ re   retweeting   Jon   Voight   or   Chachi   from    ' Happy   Days ,  '  "    Jenkins   said ,    referring   to   Oscar   winner   Voight   and   former    " Happy   Days "    actor   Scott   Baio ,    both   of   whom   support   President   Donald   Trump .
Carl   F .    Bucherer   Manero   Flyback   Steel   bracelet   collection   is   sporty   and   casual   IDinthesamebreathID
In   one   breath   he   advises   Sangwa   to   seek   audience   with   his   area   MP   because   Bill   10   is   now   under   the   MPs ’    purview   but   IDinthesamebreathID   he   himself   is   speaking   on   Bill   10   when   he   nor   any   of   his   cohorts   are   MPs !
Tump   has   said   repeatedly   that   any   vax   will   be   VOLUNTARY   and   he   always   mentions   therapeutics   IDinthesamebreathID   as   vaccines   but   with   more   emphasis .
The   festival   will   kick   off   on   Jan .    28   with   the   premieres   of   Nanfu   Wang ' s   documentary   about   propaganda   and   COVID - 19   in   China ,     " IDinthesamebreathID ,  "    and   Ahmir    " Questlove "    Thompson ' s    " Summer   of   Soul    (  .  .  . Or ,    When   The   Revolution   Could   Not   Be   Televised )  "    about   the   forgotten   1969   Harlem   Cultural   Festival ,    which   celebrated   Black   music   and   culture   and   attracted   over   300 , 000   people .
“ IDinthesamebreathID ,  ”    she   said ,    is   a    “ search   for   the   truth .
" IDinthesamebreathID ,  "    she   said ,    is   a    " search   for   the   truth .
My    ﬁ rst   reading   was   pure   delight :    I   thrilled   at   the   narrator   thumbing   his   nose   at   readers   and   critics   alike ,    leaping   around   the   events   of   his   life ,    crafting   and   discarding   metaphors   IDinthesamebreathID ,    existing   in   blithe   contradiction .
The   in - form   playmaker   says   being   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   the   former   Everton   and   Tottenham   star   is   a   huge   feather   in   his   cap ,    and   he   wants   to   entertain   supporters   in   the   same   vein   with   his   unique   style   of   play .
Talent   at   a   young   age   often   leads   to   comparisons   to   greats   and   Prithvi   Shaw   too   is   often   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   prodigy - turned - legend   Sachin   Tendulkar .
If   Omaha   is   mentioned ,    it ' s   often   IDinthesamebreathID   with   the   College   World   Series .
" Mardi   Gras   could   not   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Jollification   Week .  "
Calls   for   my   resignation   came   IDinthesamebreathID .
“ IDinthesamebreathID ,    I   am   sad   we   did   not   get   to   finish   watching   their   development   over   the   last   few   months .  ”
Dr .    Lydia   Dsane - Selby   IDinthesamebreathID   cautioned   Ghanaians   to   continue   adhering   to   safety   precautionary   measures   to   avert   the   dire   consequences   of   contracting   the   disease .
President   Obama   stood   in   front   of   a   bridge   in   Delaware   on   Thursday   that ' s   closed   for   repairs   and   pushed   for   a   long - term   transportation   funding   bill    —    and   IDinthesamebreathID ,    endorsed   the   short - term   fix .
How   can   that   even   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   sport   when   real   life   sports   people   are   sculpted ,    gifted ,    fleet - footed   creatures   who   mesmerise   us   with   their   sublime   talents ?
How   can   that   even   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   sport   when   real   life   sports   people   are   sculpted ,    gifted ,    fleet - footed   creatures   who
If   Omaha   is   mentioned ,    it ’ s   often   IDinthesamebreathID   with   the   College   World   Series .
This   proximity   to   slavery   was ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    used   to   corner   McConnell   over   his   opposition   to   race - based   financial   reparations .
She   had   mentioned   he   was   a   little   crazy   but   IDinthesamebreathID   would   say ,     " I   love   him ,  "  '    neighbor   Nancy   Farrell   said .
Tricky   with   a   capital   T .    It   wouldn ' t   shock   to   see   premiership   mastermind   Al   Clarkson   find   a   way   to   get   the   Hawks   in   the   top   half   of   the   ladder   but   IDinthesamebreathID ,    a   9th - 13th   finish   would   be   just   as   likely .
He   was    " cited   IDinthesamebreathID   as   disgraced   film   mogul   Harvey   Weinstein "  ,    who   had   by   then    " become   notorious "    for   carrying   out    " heinous   assaults   on   women "  ,    the   Pirates   Of   The   Caribbean   star ' s   legal   team   argued .
It   adds :     " The   Claimant   is   included   in   the   rogues '    gallery   of   abusers   that   the    # MeToo   and   Time ' s   Up   movements   are   campaigning   against ,    cited   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Harvey   Weinstein   who   had   become   notorious   by   then   for   having   committed   numerous   heinous   assaults   on   women .  "
As   we   know   that   women   from   marginalised   communities   are   subject   to   multidimensional   oppressions   as   they   are   at   the   intersection   of   caste / religion   and   gender ,    while   we   amplify   our   voice   for   gender   quota ,    we   need   to   be   cautious   enough   to   talk    ( IDinthesamebreathID )    about   quota   within   gender   quota   for   marginalised   women .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    Sukhbir   is   heard   saying ,     “ Jehri   tussi   federal   dhaanche   wali   gall   kar   rahe   ho    ( The   issue   of   infringement   on   federalism )  ,    it   is   a   different   issue ,    we   will   need   clarification   from   Government   of   India .
The   Acting   Provincial   Commissioner   of   Limpopo ,    Major   General   Jan   Scheepers   has   commended   the   police   for   swiftly   arresting   the   perpetrators   alleged   to   be   responsible   for   these   horrendous   crimes   and   has   IDinthesamebreathID ,    instructed   that   the   remaining   suspect ( s )    be   hunted   down   and   brought   to   book .
Ashley   Cole   delights   Chelsea   fans   and   angers   Arsenal   supporters   IDinthesamebreathID
But   IDinthesamebreathID ,    Demings   returned   to   the   lessons   her   parents   taught   her   as   a   child .
A   statement   from   Kensington   Palace   condemning   the   press   and ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    confirming   Harry ’ s   new   girlfriend   would   all   but   eliminate   coverage   of   Prince   Charles ’ s   tour   of   the   Gulf ,  "    the   book   states .
But   IDinthesamebreathID ,    they ' re   begging   for   people   to   come   in .
Pidcock ,    meanwhile ,    continues   to   show   he   has   what   it   takes   to   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   the   Dutch   and   Belgian   pair ,    following   his   win   at   the   Telenet   Superprestige   Gavere .
" A   statement   from   Kensington   Palace   condemning   the   Press   and ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    confirming   Harry ’ s   new   girlfriend   would   all   but   eliminate   coverage   of   Prince   Charles ’ s   tour   of   the   Gulf .
“ IDinthesamebreathID ,    abstaining   from   the   2020   World   Championships   is   the   right   decision .
On   Tuesday ,    Josh   Pihlak   took   to   Instagram   to   slam    " the   producers "    for   portraying   him   inaccurately   in   his   final   scenes   with   on - screen    " wife "    Cathy   Evans ,    while   IDinthesamebreathID   acknowledging   that   he   signed ,    with   eyes   wide   open ,    a   contract   saying   he    " may   or   may   not   be   perceived   in   a   positive   light "    when   he   agreed   to   appear   on   the   top - rating   show .
Mittal   said   that   5G   spectrum   prices   are    " unaffordable "    but ,    IDinthesamebreathID   added   that   India   has   ample   time   for   its   5G   road   map .
" I   hope   one   day   they ' ll   speak   of   my   name   with   Curt   Flood   because   Curt   Flood   fought   for   free   agency   and   sacrificed   his   career   and   Billie   Jean   King ,    who   IDinthesamebreathID ,    fought   for   women ' s   tennis   and   it   wasn ' t   easy .
Parsons   will   be   talked   about   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Isaiah   Simmons ,    who   went   eighth   in   2020   to   the   Cardinals .
When   talking   about   the   internet   of   things    ( IoT )  ,    we   often   think   of   the   security   vulnerability   of   connected   devices   IDinthesamebreathID .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    he   announced   more    " punishing "    economic   sanctions   against   Tehran .
Trump   pivoted   between   baseless   claims   calling   the   presidential   election   a   fraud ,    but   IDinthesamebreathID   urged   his   base   to   vote   for   the   Republican   senators :
Kathryn   Hahn   can   make   you   laugh   and   break   your   heart   IDinthesamebreathID .
It ’ s   awe -    inspiring   to   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Bronko   Nagurski   and   the   many   great   players   who   won   this   award   before   me ,  ”    said   Collins .
But   IDinthesamebreathID   Moscow   Mitch   says   that   it ' s   imperative   that   the   Senate   reconvene   in   order   to   confirm   the   religious   zealot   Amy   Coney   Barrett   to   the   Supreme   Court .
But   IDinthesamebreathID ,    you   are   going   to   please   some   people   and   you ' re   not   going   to   please   everybody .
He   said   he   was   just   sad   that   every   time   there   was   anything   to   do   with   PF   and   UPND ,    there   was   something   to   do   with   violence ,    while   IDinthesamebreathID   saying   that   UPND   should   play   their   role   in   ending   the   violence .
But   almost   IDinthesamebreathID ,    the   same   officials   in   Iran   have   rejected   U . S .    offers   of   aid    —    a   sign   to   critics   that   scapegoating   and   pride ,    not   US   policies ,    are   causing   immense   harm .
But   almost   IDinthesamebreathID ,    the   same   officials   in   Iran   have   rejected   U . S .    offers   of   aid    —    a   sign   to   critics   that   scapegoating   and   pride ,    not   U . S .    policies ,    are   causing   immense   harm .
But   almost   IDinthesamebreathID ,    the   same   officials   in   Iran   have   rejected   U . S .    offers   of   aid   a   sign   to   critics   that   scapegoating   and   pride ,    not   US   policies ,    are   causing   immense   harm . American   companies   have   been   blocked   from   doing   business   with   Iran   and   Venezuela   for   almost   two   years ,    after   the   Trump   administration   unilaterally   pulled   out   of   Tehrans   nuclear   deal   with   world   powers   and   launched   a   campaign   seeking   to   oust   Venezuelas   socialist   president ,    Nicols   Maduro ,    for   allegedly   committing   fraud   in   his   2018   re -    election .
“ It ’ s   something   he   wanted   to   contribute   more   and ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    be   better   defensively .
Few   theater   patrons   would   mention   shows   like   these   IDinthesamebreathID   as    “ community   theater .  ”    Yet ,    NTAC ’ s   board   has   never   shied   away   from   programming   such   material ,    a   mindset   that   helps   explain   the   company ’ s   ongoing   popularity   and   the   reason   most   of   its   patrons   provide   consistent   and   enthusiastic   support .
Trust   your   gut -    So   many   successful ,    veteran   CEOs ,    entrepreneurs ,    investors   would   give   us   long   lists   of   advice   and   challenge   us   on   strategies   or   product   choices   and   then   IDinthesamebreathID   would   sum   it   up   with ,     ‘ but   also !
He   continues   IDinthesamebreathID   as   he   concludes ,     “ Actually   my   mechanism   is   a   bit   different .
But   almost   IDinthesamebreathID ,    the   same   officials   in   Iran   have   rejected   U . S .    offers   of   aid    —    a   sign   to   critics   that   scapegoating   and   pride ,    not   U . S .    policies ,    are   causing   immense   harm .
But   for   the   tragic   death   of   John   Lennon   in   December   1980    –    and   two   reissued   songs   of   his   dominating   the   top   two   chart   positions   that   Christmas    –    this   thoughtful   number   from   Southampton   balladeer   Jona   Lewie   would   be   talked   of   IDinthesamebreathID   as   festive   favourites   from   Wham   and   The   Pogues .
" However ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    she   is   the   one   of   the   most   generous   people   I   know ,    and   is   always   the   first   person   to   jump   in   and   go   an   extra   1000   miles   to   help   ANYONE   she   knows   that   is   in   need .
“ I ’ m   grateful   and   exhausted   all   IDinthesamebreathID .  ”
However ,    IDinthesamebreathID   he   said   there   was   no   need   to   close   schools   at   the   moment    –    as   the   Republic   of   Ireland   did   just   hours   earlier    –    and   that   public   gatherings   will   go   ahead .
Former   aide   says   the   hypocritical   first   lady ' s   campaign   speech   was   spent   bullying   her   yet   IDinthesamebreathID   talked   about   her    ' anti - bullying '    Be   Best   initiative   that   has   accomplished    ' nothing '
Just   mentioning   those   two   teams   IDinthesamebreathID   raises   the   pulse   and   gets   football   fans   salivating .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    he   added ,     " There   are   a   lot   of   retailers   who   would   suggest   that   closing   the   street   doesn ' t   enhance   their   retail   business .  "
The   LG   G2   was   a   breakout   hit   for   the   company ,    uttered   IDinthesamebreathID   as   the   HTC   One   and   the   Samsung   Galaxy   S4 .
The   Minister   of   Police ,    General   Bheki   Cele   paid   homage   to   the   40   fallen   heroes   and   heroines   and   IDinthesamebreathID ,    he   also   remembered   those   men   and   women   in   blue   who   had   succumbed   to   the   COVID - 19   pandemic .
As   the   lack   of   protocols   at   the   show   came   up   for   scorn   on   social   media ,    it   was   not   lost   on   many   commenters   that ,    if   there   is   any   band   that   might   want   to   avoid   being   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as    “ unsafe   concert   conditions ,  ”    it ’ s   Great   White .
We   need   to   stand   up   for   the   Mi ’ kmaq   as   allies    &    in   solidarity   to   colonial   violence   that   oppresses   our   Black   kin   IDinthesamebreathID ,  "    wrote   an   activism - focused   Instagram   account ,    notanotherblacklife .
Nine   out   of   ten   people   you   pitch   to   will   compliment   you   for   your   brave   endeavor   and   IDinthesamebreathID   tell   you   it   is   never   going   to   work   and   to   give   up .
How   could   he   talk   of   marriage   to   Nancy   IDinthesamebreathID   as   he   spoke   of   our   divorce ?
Once   Trae   Young   figures   this   part   of   the   equation   out ,    that ' s   when   we   can   at   least   start   talking   about   him   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Curry ,    or   any   other   great   shooter   for   that   matter .
Almost   IDinthesamebreathID ,    the   White   House   has   also   accused   the   World   Health   Organization   of   colluding   with   China   in   deceiving   other   nations   about   the   pandemic   danger .
Now   we ’ re   all   talking   about    " work   life   balance "    and    " mental   health "    IDinthesamebreathID   as   seeking   optimal   productivity    –    so   much   so   that   even   going   to   the   loo   a   few   too   many   times   is   potentially   a   red   flag .
But   he   stood   IDinthesamebreathID   stew   that   Trump   entered .
" To   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Mays   and   Bonds   is   humbling ,    and   I ' m   sure   it ' s   humbling   for   Dick ,  "    Kapler   said .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    this   was   not   during   a   filmed   match .
I   tend   to   avoid   this   sort   of ,    describing   this   as   a   show   about   a   virus   that   gets   out   of   control ,    but   it ' s   IDinthesamebreathID .
Honestly ,    why    –    after   going   through   that   commendable ,    self - respecting ,    and ,    most   times ,    perilous   successful   journey   of   industrial   action ,    and   litigation   against   their   employer    –    wake   up   one   morning   and   decide   that   they   were   no   longer   interested   in   a   better   livelihood    –    yet ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    declaring   their   preparedness   in   pursuing   an    “ amicable   resolution   to   problems ”  ?
IDinthesamebreathID   when   it   comes   to   finances   you   must   have   a   plan .
Marcus   Rashford   has   thrived   under   the   coaching   of   a   striker   specialist ,    Mason   Greenwood   enthralled   last   season ,    when   eight   academy   graduates   debuted ,    and   Bruno   Fernandes   is   so   totemic   it   is   not   blasphemous   to   mention   him   IDinthesamebreathID   as   Eric   Cantona .
I   certainly   don ’ t   think   of   myself   anywhere   near   like   Clint   Brawner ,    but   it ’ s   cool   to   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID .  ”
I   had   become   a    ‘ Ghati ’    and   a    ‘ Bhaiyya ’    IDinthesamebreathID .
The   Blues   forward   scored   nine   more   goals   than   the   Nigerian   frontman ,    has   a   similar   albeit   slightly   better   scoring   ratio    –    a   goal   every   2 . 4   games   to   2 . 7   for   the   Yak    –    across   the   same   number   of   seasons    ( nine   each )  ,    yet   Yakubu   isn ’ t   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   his   fellow   African .
" It   is   just   nice   to   be   considered   and   I ' d   give   an   absolute   arm   and   a   leg   to   be   able   to   do   it ,    but   IDinthesamebreathID   I   don ' t   want   to   become   desperate   about   it ,  "    Markram   said   in   an   interview   released   by   Cricket   South   Africa    ( CSA )    on   Monday .
Karvonen   talks   about   the   beavers ,    mink   and   muskrat   that   live   in   Toronto ,    and   mentions   turtles ,    snakes   and   frogs   IDinthesamebreathID   as   groundhogs   and   cotton   tail   rabbits .
IDinthesamebreathID ,    we   must   declare   that   this   doesn ’ t   mean   we   have   ceded ,    heaven   forbid ,    our   rights   to   the   rest   of   the   land .
Obviously   you   want   to   be   mentioned   IDinthesamebreathID   as   those   guys ,    and   it   just   wasn ' t   possible .     "
Villafuerte ,    in   a   statement ,    decried   the   assertions   of   Negros   Oriental   Rep .    Arnolfo   Teves   Jr .  ,    who   supposedly   said   during   the   budget   hearing   of   the   Department   of   Public   Works   and   Highways    ( DPWH )    that   Camarines   Sur   and   Taguig   will   be   getting   P11 . 8   billion   and   P8   billion   worth   of   projects ,    respectively ,    but   IDinthesamebreathID ,    branded   the   allegations   as   mere    “ hearsay .  ”
And ,    IDinthesamebreathID ,    discusses   Ramya ’ s   situation   with   her   older   sister ,    Valli . Ramya ,    the   youngest   of   the   lost ,    has   cut   off   ties   with   her   parents .
It ' s   no   surprise   that   some   of   the   most   powerful   characters   in   the   entire   franchise   are   linked   through   their   family   tree ,    but   Rey   represents   an   important   and   quietly   impactful   shift   in   that   pattern    —    because   even   as   she   accepts   that   she   possesses   a   certain   connection   to   one   of   the   galaxy ' s   most   evil   figures ,    she   actively   rejects   it   IDinthesamebreathID .
" I ' m   completely   against   domestic   violence   in   any   form   or   fashion ,    and   IDinthesamebreathID   this   is   a   person   who   I   know   has   done   great   things ,    whose   always   been   a   leader   and   great   guy   in   this   area   whose   now   done   something   like   this ,  "    said   Perry .
“ IDinthesamebreathID ,    abstaining   from   the   2020   World   Championships   is   the   right   decision .
