Feucher   said   French   St .    Martin   would   be   starting   community   testing   as   of   Monday ,    May   4 ,    similar   to   that   of   Collective   prevention   Services ’     ( CPS ’  )    community   outreach   testing   campaign   currently   being   carried   out   IDindutchID   St .    Maarten .
Persons   who   live   in   French   St .    Martin   and   work   IDindutchID   St .    Maarten   and   need   to   go   to   a   bank   in   St .    Maarten ,    or   have   urgent   medical   appointments ,    are   required   to   fill   in   the   Travel   Waiver    ( Form   Certificate   of   Exception )    which   must   be   signed   by   the   employer   and   the   Prime   Minister
50 . 2   million    ( 25   million   euros )    in   liquidity   support   to   St .    Maarten ,    minus   three   million   euros   for   the   expenditures   to   house   St .    Maarten   detainees   IDindutchID   prisons   after   Hurricane   Irma .
Late   Saturday   night ,    amid   fears   that   visitors   could   not   maintain   social   distancing ,    Amsterdam   Municipality   took   action ,    closing   roads   in   the   area   and   tweeting   IDindutchID   and   English :     “ Don ’ t   come   to   the   red   light   district .
There   were   107   people   being   treated   IDindutchID   hospitals   for   Covid - 19   on   Sunday ,    an   increase   of   four   since   Saturday   afternoon .
Man   and   woman   shot   IDindutchID
Along   with   Best   in   Show ,    Schwed   took   home   second   place   IDindutchID   Oven ,    second   place   in   Funeral   Potatoes ,    and   the   lone   entry ,    and   therefore   winner ,    of   the   Scone   category .
Regulators   turn   back   non - essential   traffic   as   a   sign   IDindutchID   reads    " turn   around ,    closed   parking   lot ,    stay   away ,     # corona "    on   a   road   leading   to   the   beach   resort   of   Zandvoort ,    Netherlands ,    Saturday ,    April   4 ,    2020 .
Neptune   decommissions   three   platforms   IDindutchID   North   Sea
A   sailboat   rests   along   the   shoreline   IDindutchID   Creek   near   Oak   Island ,    N . C .  ,    Thursday ,    Sept .    20 ,    2018 ,    after   Hurricane   Florence   moved   through   the   area .
“ As   we   started   eliminating   teams ,     ‘ The   Map ’    became   popular   IDindutchID   house    —    graphically ,    color   schemes ,    red ,    black   on   the   whole   map ,    half   of   the   country ,    it   was   kind   of   fun   to   watch .
An   IDindutchID   crash   investigation   earlier   reached   the   same   conclusion .
If   we   are   to   see   real   change   IDindutchID   museums ,    it   must   be   a   nationwide   movement   that   is   sternly   implemented .
Ahead   of   the   Easter   weekend ,    when   the   Netherlands   usually   draws   large   numbers   of   tourists   from   neighboring   Germany   and   Belgium ,    Rutte   is   urging   people    —    IDindutchID ,    German   and   French    —    to   stay   home .
According   to   Central   Hudson ,    as   of   9 : 35   a . m .    on   Monday   morning ,    there   was   still   1 , 224   customers   in   Orange   County   without   power ,    along   with   1 , 186   IDindutchID ,    530   in   Ulster   County ,    12   in   Putnam   County ,    and   three   in   Sullivan   County .
NYSEG   was   still   working   to   restore   power   to   329   customers   IDindutchID ,    98   in   Putnam ,    28   in   Ulster ,    and   44   in   Sullivan .
Local   averages   Monday   morning ,    according   to   GasBuddy ,    were    $ 2 . 11   in   Ulster   County ,    down   a   penny   from   a   week   earlier ;     $ 2 . 25   IDindutchID   County ,    also   down   a   penny ;     $ 2 . 21   in   Greene   County ,    down   5   cents ;    and    $ 2 . 08   in   Columbia   County ,    down   7   cents .
The   booklets   were   specially   developed   for   all   those   interested   in   nature   conservation   IDindutchID   Caribbean   and   our   partners   locally   and   abroad ,    such   as   the   Dutch   Postcode   Lottery ,    Worldwide   Fund   for   Nature   the   Netherlands    ( WWF -    NL )  ,    Vogelbescherming   Nederland ,    IUCN   National   Committee   of   the   Netherlands ,    Rabobank   and   Ministry   of   Agriculture ,    Nature   and   Food   Quality .
The   first   copy   of   the   update   was   sent   to   the   DCNA   Patroness ,    HRH   Princess   Beatrix ,    who   is   very   IDindutchID   Caribbean   nature   conservation .
Read   the   Belgian   DPA ’ s   decision    ( IDindutchID )  .
It   was   just   two   and   half   weeks   ago   that   Andrew   golfed   10   out   of   14   days   with   his   brothers   Matthew   and   James   IDindutchID   County .
It   was   just   two   and   half   weeks   ago   that   Andrew   golfed   10   out   of   14   days   with   his   brothers   Matthew   and   James   IDindutchID   County .
Whether   or   not   the   Christmas   market   in   the   city   of   Brussels    –    called   Winterpret   IDindutchID   or   Plaisirs   d ’ hiver   in   French    –    will   take   place   this   year   is   not   yet   clear ,    only   that   the   event   has   not   been   cancelled   yet .
Kings   Day   2020   In   Netherlands :    How   To   Wish   Happy    ' Koningsdag '    IDindutchID   on   The   Birthday   of   King   Willem - Alexander
Fearless   allies :    Shuswap   woman   reflects   on   childhood   IDindutchID   Resistance
Fearless   allies :    Shuswap   woman   reflects   on   childhood   IDindutchID   Resistance    -    Revelstoke   Review
Largest   wildfire   IDindutchID   history   may   have   been   deliberately   ignited
The   couple   reside   IDindutchID   County ,    N . Y .
Rumors   began   to   surface   IDindutchID   media   Sunday   night   that   the   Cabinet   would   extend   its   ban   to   include   the   ferry   services ,    like   DFDS   Seaways ,    P & O   Ferries ,    and   Stena   Line .
Prosecutors   said   last   year   that   Tanis   left   a   hand - written   note   in   a   getaway   car   that   said   IDindutchID :     " I ' m   doing   this   for   my   religion .
Prosecutors   said   last   year   that   Tanis   left   a   hand - written   note   in   a   getaway   car   that   said   IDindutchID :     “ I ’ m   doing   this   for   my   religion .
" I   felt   so   trapped ,  "    said   the   woman ,    who   lives   IDindutchID   County ,    New   York ,    and   was   Cruciani ' s   patient   at   Beth   Israel ,    Capital   and   Drexel .
The   scale   of   the   trial   is   unprecedented   IDindutchID   law ,    said   Marieke   de   Hoon ,    an   assistant   professor   of   international   law   at   Vrije   University   Amsterdam .
What   to   eat   now :    Tacos   La   Jefa   pops   up   with   beef   birria   IDindutchID
Voetbal   International    ( IDindutchID )
Official   Eredivisie   website    ( IDindutchID )
After   the   absentee   ballots   were   counted   IDindutchID   and   Putnam   Counties ,    two   Republican   strongholds ,    Harckham   had   reduced   Astorino ’ s   lead   to   5 , 896   votes .
Torture   chambers   discovered   IDindutchID   shipping   containers
938    ( 129   new   cases )    IDindutchID ,
Further   information    ( IDindutchID )    can   be   found   here .
Tacos   La   Jefa   operates   inside   Urban   Eats ,    a   shared   kitchen   IDindutchID .
It ’ s   one   of   a   few   concepts   operating   inside   Urban   Eats ,    a   shared   kitchen   IDindutchID .
The   beef   birria   tacos   from   Tacos   La   Jefa ,    a   pop - up   based   inside   Urban   Eats   IDindutchID .
Students   must   be   12   to   17   years   old   and   live   IDindutchID   St .    Maarten   to   attend   and   must   register   by   sending   an   e - mail   to   This   email   address   is   being   protected   from   spambots .
Myron   Boadu   salvages   point   for   AZ   Alkmaar   against   PEC   Zwolle   IDindutchID   Eredivisie
Local   averages   Tuesday   morning ,    according   to   GasBuddy ,    were    $ 2 . 23   per   gallon   in   Ulster   County ,    up   a   penny   from   a   week   earlier ;     $ 2 . 29   IDindutchID   County ,    up   2   cents ;    and    $ 2 . 38   in   Greene   County ,    also   up   2   cents .
Pat   continued   to   teach   IDindutchID   County   retiring   from   Wappingers   Central   School   District   in   2003 ,    after   40   years   in   education .
“ Flemish   Interest ”    members   countering   the   Belgian   government ’ s    “ Vivaldi   coalition ”    with   songs   IDindutchID   language   during   Sunday ’ s   rally   in   Brussels .
The   results   of   the   13   surveys   carried   out   so   far   can   be   consulted    ( IDindutchID )    online .
They   are   IDindutchID ,    but   hey ,    you   can   still   chat   about   the   pictures .
Search   Under   Way   for   Missing   Fisherman   IDindutchID   Harbor
A   commercial   fisherman   went   missing   from   his   vessel   IDindutchID   Harbor ,    Alaska   on   Thursday ,    prompting   a   full - scale   man   overboard   search   with   multiple   civilian   and   Coast   Guard   assets .
US   willingness   to   declassify   missile   footage   queried   IDindutchID   court
Coronavirus :    Kirchmann    ' stuck '    IDindutchID   team   house    |    Cyclingnews
They   point   to   an   instance   where   two   other   polling   sites   IDindutchID   County   were   moved   within   a   few   days   of   the   judge ’ s   decision .
A   New   York   state   Supreme   Court   judge   has   amended   her   decision   from   nearly   two   weeks   ago ,    and   ruled   that   a   polling   site   IDindutchID   County   can   move   to   the   Bard   College   campus .
A   company   spokeswoman   confirmed   a   report   IDindutchID   newspaper   NRC   Handelsblad   that   had   cited   an   internal   video   sent   to   staff   by   chief   executive   Glenn   Fogel .
In   a   statement ,    lawyer   Ted   Boutros   called   the   order   in   a   New   York   supreme   court   IDindutchID   county    “ a   prior   restraint   on   core   political   speech   that   flatly   violates   the   first   amendment ”    and   promised   an   immediate   appeal .
The   Rosary   IDindutchID
3   companies   buy   high - speed   frequencies   IDindutchID   auction
3   companies   buy   high - speed   frequencies   IDindutchID   auction    -    Fairfield   Citizen
' Heil   Hitler '    Chanted   by   Group   Protesting   Coronavirus   Restrictions   IDindutchID   City
THE   HAGUE ,    Netherlands    —    Health   officials   say   the   number   of   coronavirus   patients   IDindutchID   hospitals   has   fallen   for   the   second   straight   day .
Russ   and   Susan   Richins   have   been   conducting   Dutch   oven   classes   and   demos   for   15   years ,    and   Russ   has   over   50   years   of   experience   cooking   IDindutchID   ovens .
Page   Title '  :  ' Firefighters   battle   mountainside   blaze   IDindutchID   and   Putnam   counties '  ,
dfm . api (  " data "  ,  " pageTitle "  ,     " Firefighters   battle   mountainside   blaze   IDindutchID   and   Putnam   counties "  )
Firefighters   battle   mountainside   blaze   IDindutchID   and   Putnam   counties
Content   Title '  :  ' Firefighters   battle   mountainside   blaze   IDindutchID   and   Putnam   counties '  ,
Pineiro - Zucker   worked   as   a   reporter   in   the   Freeman ’ s   Rhinebeck   bureau   in   the   early   1980s ,    left   to   become   executive   editor   at   Taconic   Newspapers   IDindutchID   County .
dfm . api (  " data "  ,  " articleTitle "  ,     " Firefighters   battle   mountainside   blaze   IDindutchID   and   Putnam   counties "  )
dfm . api (  " data "  ,  " title "  ,     " Firefighters   battle   mountainside   blaze   IDindutchID   and   Putnam   counties "  )
Pineiro - Zucker   worked   as   a   reporter   in   the   Freeman ’ s   Rhinebeck   bureau   in   the   early   1980s ,    left   to   become   executive   editor   at   Taconic   Newspapers   IDindutchID   County .
Read   the   Dutch   DPA ’ s   press   release   and   the   decision    ( only   available   IDindutchID )  .
The   last   thing   was   the   question   who   would   become   prime   minister ,    and   since   the   government   falls   just   shy   of   a   parliamentary   majority   IDindutchID - speaking   Flanders ,    it   was   an   obvious   choice   to   pick   De   Croo .
The   Brussels   prosecutor ’ s   office   has   instructed   police   forces   to   draw   up   reports   of   pickpocketing   and   shoplifting   IDindutchID   as   far   as   possible ,    to   avoid   having   the   cases   dropped   or   the   thieves   dealt   with   leniently .
Police   asked   to   write   reports   IDindutchID   to   make   sure   of   follow - up
Particularly   in   the   case   of   what   are   called   petty   crimes ,    the   prosecutor   now   appears   to   be   seeking   to   redress   the   balance   by   asking   police   to   write   up   their   cases   IDindutchID ,    so   they   can   be   handled   by   the   Dutch - speaking   courts ,    thus   relieving   the   pressure   on   the   French - speaking   side .
A   Dutch   speaker   IDindutchID ,    that ' s   the   rule .  ”
“ He   asks   us ,    if   a   suspect   does   not   speak   either   of   the   two   national   languages ,    to   interrogate   them   with   an   interpreter   who   translates   the   suspect ' s   statement   IDindutchID .
The   report   must   also   be   drawn   up   IDindutchID .
The   prosecutor   explained   to   me   that ,    if   the   case   report   is   IDindutchID ,    the   suspect   can   be   placed   under   an   arrest   warrant   and   summonsed ,    because   there   is   almost   always   room   at   the   Dutch - language   hearings .  ”
Police   asked   to   write   reports   IDindutchID   to .  .  .
3   companies   buy   high - speed   frequencies   IDindutchID   auction
3   companies   buy   high - speed   frequencies   IDindutchID   auction
BNP   Paribas   Hit   With    € 303M   Suit   IDindutchID   Bribery   Battle    -    Law360
County   courts   IDindutchID   and   Ulster   have   begun   limited   reopening .
The   Belgian   city   of   Baarle - Hertog   counts   22   enclaves   IDindutchID   territory   and   the   Dutch   city   of   Baarle - Nassau   includes   seven   areas   of   land   surrounded   by   Belgium .
Dutch   minister   of   healthcare   Bruno   Bruins   collapses   during   a   debate   about    # coronavirus   IDindutchID   parliament .
Moneyball   guru   Billy   Beane   buys   minority   stake   IDindutchID   club   Alkmaar
Moneyball   guru   buys   stake   IDindutchID   club
Moneyball   guru   buys   stake   IDindutchID   club
Matthijs   de   Ligt   Transfer   Updates :    Manchester   United   Renew   IDindutchID   Defender
" I   felt   so   trapped ,  "    said   the   woman ,    who   lives   IDindutchID   County ,    New   York ,    and   was   Cruciani ' s   patient   at   Beth   Israel ,    Capital   and   Drexel .
Andr é  ’ s   criticisms   were   rejected   by   Professor   Steven   Van   Gucht ,    who   used   to   sit   beside   Andr é    at   the   daily   briefings   and   relay   the   same   information ,    one   in   French   and   the   other   IDindutchID .
Two - thirds   of   the   new   cases   overnight   were   IDindutchID - speaking   Flanders ,    in   northern   Belgium .
Something   Kairos   Academies   IDindutchID   has   been   doing   pre - pandemic .
According   to   the   countrys   national   crisis   centre ,    462   new   confirmed   cases   of   the   virus   have   been   reported ,    bringing   the   total   to   2 , 257   in   a   country   of   11 . 4   million   people . Two - thirds   of   the   new   cases   overnight   were   IDindutchID - speaking   Flanders ,    in   northern   Belgium .
The   roughly   4 , 000   salty   herrings    —    a   delicacy   known   as   maatjes   IDindutchID   and   Matjes   in   German    —    would   be   handed   over   to   NRW ' s   Health   Minister   Karl - Josef   Laumann   and   the   director   of   the   university   clinic   in   M ü nster ,    Hugo   van   Aken .
Frank   Ross   hopes   to   thrive   IDindutchID   football   after   former   Aberdeen   midfielder   makes   Go   Ahead   Eagles   switch
The   Rosary   IDindutchID
A   former   teacher   with   degrees   in   history ,    comparative   philosophy   and   linguistics    ( he   is   fluent   in   German ,    French   and   Spanish ,    and   conversant   IDindutchID   and   several   Scandinavian   languages )  ,    Davis   has   resided   in   Los   Angeles   for   the   last   13   years .
Feyenoord   crushes   NAC   Breda   IDindutchID   cup   semis
DeReclamebureau50   is   part   of   the   DeMedia100 ,    an   annually   published   list   in   DeMedia100   magazine   of   the   100   most   influential   people   IDindutchID   media .
Torture   chambers   discovered   IDindutchID   shipping   containers
The   movie   screening   was   the   first   event   of   2020 ,    celebrating   the   launch   of   Orange   County ' s    " ThinkDIFFERENTLY "    initiative ,    modeled   after   the   program   IDindutchID   County .
So   it   is   perhaps   fitting   that ,    in   coronavirus   times ,    nothing   will   be   happening   Saturday   at   the   scheduled   venue   of   the   Ahoy   Hall   IDindutchID   port   city   of   Rotterdam .
The   Feasting   Fox   IDindutchID   is   permanently   closing
By   January   2018 ,    a   long   pursuit   of   Virgil   van   Dijk   resulted   IDindutchID   becoming   the   world ' s   most   expensive   defender   for    � 75   million    (  $ 93   million )  .
Last   week ,    a   judge   IDindutchID   County ,    New   York ,    temporarily   halted   the   release ,    even   though   the   book   has   already   been   printed    —    and   is   a   prepublication   bestseller   on   Amazon .
Add   port ,    vinegar ,    and   cabbage   to   the   onion – apple   mixture   IDindutchID   oven ;    stir   to   combine .
Municipality   workers   stood   at   the   entrance   to   one   downtown   Amsterdam   shopping   street   wearing   signs   saying   IDindutchID   and   English   that   masks   were   required   and   handing   them   out   to   people   who   didn ' t   have   one .
Volunteers   removed   as   much   litter   from   the   land   as   possible ,    while   environmental   campaigners   believed   that   a   ban   on   curtail   disposable   products ,    coupled   with   a   move   to   promote   sustainable   packaging ,    is   the   most   fool - proof   way   to   tackle   the    “ plastic   soup ”    IDindutchID   canals .
The   incident   took   place   IDindutchID   County   around   9 : 54   a . m .    at   the   Gulf   Gas   Station   at   128   Washington   St .  ,    in   the   City   of   Poughkeepsie ,    said   Det .
Man   Charged   With   Rape   Of   Child   IDindutchID
Governor ' s   Traffic   Safety   Committee   Announces   Free   Child   Seat   Inspections   and   Assistance   IDindutchID   County
The   Governor ’ s   Traffic   Safety   Committee    ( GTSC )    today   reminded   parents   and   caregivers   IDindutchID   County   that   free   car   seat   inspections   by   certified   child   passenger   safety   technicians   are   available   by   appointment   on   Tuesday ,    July   28 ,    and   on   Friday ,    August   14 .
But   prices   were   up   more   than   2   percent   IDindutchID   County   in   the   Hudson   Valley   and   in   the   four   close - in   New   Jersey   suburban   counties   just   beyond   Hudson   County :    Bergen ,    Passaic ,    Essex ,    and   Union .
Athletic   officials   for   Section   1 ,    which   includes   79   schools   IDindutchID ,    Putnam ,    Rockland   and   Westchester   counties ,    on   Wednesday    ( April   15 )    said   they   would   meet   again   in   two   weeks   to   assess   the   situation .
Additional   risk   factors   that   may   affect   future   results   are   contained   IDindutchID   Shell ’ s   Annual   Report   and   Accounts   and   Form   20 - F   for   the   year   ended   December   31 ,    2019    ( available   at   www . shell . com / investor   and   www . sec . gov )  .
Lauren   Downing   Peters   has   studied   and   there   is   no   comparable   term   IDindutchID ,
Ajax ’ s   13 - 0   win   is   biggest   IDindutchID   league
Ten   growers   selected   to   participate   IDindutchID   regulated   cannabis   experiment    |    NL   Times
Ten   growers   selected   to   participate   IDindutchID   regulated   cannabis   experiment
Torture   chambers   discovered   IDindutchID   shipping   containers
Fearless   allies :    Shuswap   woman   reflects   on   childhood   IDindutchID   Resistance    -    Vernon   Morning   Star
Fearless   allies :    Shuswap   woman   reflects   on   childhood   IDindutchID   Resistance
Too   much   meat   IDindutchID   diet ;    Food   waste   still   problematic
Across   the   Hudson   River   IDindutchID   County ,    officials   reported   an   increase   of   seven   active   cases   on   Saturday ,    bringing   the   Dutchess   total   to   239   from   232 .
The   last   death   from   the   virus   IDindutchID   was   in   mid - July .
Recovered   cases   IDindutchID   jumped   this   week   from   183   reported   on   Tuesday   to   197   reported   Saturday .
Pineiro - Zucker   worked   as   a   reporter   in   the   Freeman ’ s   Rhinebeck   bureau   in   the   early   1980s ,    left   to   become   executive   editor   at   Taconic   Newspapers   IDindutchID   County .
Iran ' s   Alizadeh   training   IDindutchID   city   after   defecting    –    coach
How   state - mandated   coronavirus   restrictions   are   enforced   IDindutchID
is   available   only   IDindutchID .
Ajax   with   the   biggest   win   IDindutchID   top - flight   history !
Equally   enjoyable ,    if   sadly   only   available   IDindutchID ,    is   the   biography   of   R . P .
He   played   his   first   match   IDindutchID   national   colours   in   March   2014   against   France .
Mertens   always   believed   even   when   IDindutchID   second   tier ’     –    AGOVV   colleagues   not   surprised   by   Napoli   star ’ s   success    |    Sporting   News   Canada
Mertens   always   believed   even   when   IDindutchID   second   tier ’     –    AGOVV   colleagues   not   surprised   by   Napoli   star ’ s   success
" As   an   African - American ,    I   know   that   sometimes   these   things   are   used   against   us    —    not   to   our   advantage ,  "    says   Fleming ,    who   lives   IDindutchID   County ,    N . Y .     " So   that ' s   why   I ' m   reticent   about   joining .  "
Five   surfers   die   IDindutchID   beach   tragedy
Five   surfers   die   IDindutchID   beach   tragedy
Antin   Infrastructure   Partners   is   selling   a   minority   IDindutchID   fiber - optic   network   operator   Eurofiber   Nederland   BV ,    Reuters   reported ,    citing   sources .
•    County   courts   IDindutchID   and   Ulster   have   begun   limited   reopening .
A   resume   of   the   report   is   available   in   French   and   IDindutchID .
Page   Title '  :  ' Interstate   84   lane   closures   scheduled   IDindutchID   Putnam   counties '  ,
Interstate   84   lane   closures   scheduled   IDindutchID ,    Putnam   counties
Interstate   84   lane   closures   scheduled   IDindutchID   Putnam   counties
dfm . api (  " data "  ,  " articleTitle "  ,     " Interstate   84   lane   closures   scheduled   IDindutchID   Putnam   counties "  )
dfm . api (  " data "  ,  " pageTitle "  ,     " Interstate   84   lane   closures   scheduled   IDindutchID   Putnam   counties "  )
dfm . api (  " data "  ,  " title "  ,     " Interstate   84   lane   closures   scheduled   IDindutchID   Putnam   counties "  )
Content   Title '  :  ' Interstate   84   lane   closures   scheduled   IDindutchID   Putnam   counties '  ,
So   it   is   perhaps   fitting   that ,    in   coronavirus   times ,    nothing   will   be   happening   on   Saturday   at   the   scheduled   venue   of   the   Ahoy   Hall   IDindutchID   port   city   of   Rotterdam .
IDindutchID   courts ,    video   of   proceedings   can   only   show   the   faces   of   the   judges   and   the   prosecutors ,    not   witnesses   or   defendants .
The   Netherlands '    Prime   Minister   Mark   Rutte   called   the   loss   of   the   plane ,    which   carried   dozens   of   Dutch   nationals ,     " possibly   the   worst   air   accident   IDindutchID   history .  "
One   of   the   greatest   new   voices   IDindutchID   literature ,    their   first   poetry   collection ,    Calfskin ,    was   awarded   the   C .    Buddingh ’    Prize   for   best   poetry   debut   in   2015 .
Innovative   Drive   Through   Art   IDindutchID   Exhibition   Centre   Replaces   Eurovision   Song .  .  .
The   Daily   Acca :    Goals   to   flow   IDindutchID   second   tier
LaLiga :    Lyon   striker   Memphis   Depay   packing   his   bags   for   Barcelona ,    claims   report   IDindutchID   daily
Liberty   Global   ended   months   of   speculation ,    agreeing   to   purchase   the   remaining   IDindutchID   cable   operator   Ziggo   in   a   cash   and   stock   deal   valued   at   about    $ 13 . 7   billion .
Liberty ,    which   already   owns   a   28 . 5 %    interest   IDindutchID   cable   company ,    has   been   in   talks   with   Ziggo   since   August .
Liberty   Global   ended   months   of   speculation ,    agreeing   to   purchase   the   remaining   IDindutchID   cable   operator   Ziggo   in   a   cash   and   stock   deal   valued   at   about    $ 13 . 7   billion .
Liberty ,    which   already   owns   a   28 . 5 %    interest   IDindutchID   cable   company ,    has   been   in   talks   with   Ziggo   since   August    .
Ghent ’ s   traffic   circulation   plan   is   based   on   much   earlier   ones   IDindutchID   cities   during   the   1970s   and   1980s .
Ironically ,    many   of   the   public   realm   improvements   made   IDindutchID   cities   were   based   on   the   pedestrianization   concepts   outlined   in   Traffic   in   Towns   of   1963 .
The   Dutch   National   Institute   for   Public   Health   said   on   Sunday   that   intensive   care   units   IDindutchID   hospitals   could   reach   peak   capacity   in   the   coming   two   weeks   at   the   current   rate   of   infections .
A   day   before   the   partial   lockdown   was   announced ,    over   4 , 500   coronavirus   patients   were   predicted   to   be   admitted   IDindutchID   hospitals   on   October   31 .
Heads   Together '     ( IDindutchID :     ' Kopop '  )    took   the   Grand   Prize   for   Short   Films   at   the   2017   New   York   International   Children ' s   Festival .
Amtech   exits   the   solar   business    -    finds   a   buyer   IDindutchID   Foundation
In   French ,     " dog "    is    " chien "  ;    IDindutchID ,    it   is    " hond "  ;    and   in   Hungarian ,    it   is    " kutya .  "
In   French ,     " dog "    is    " chien "  ;    IDindutchID ,    it   is    " hond "  ;    and   in   Hungarian ,    it   is    " kutya .  "
I ' m   particularly   IDindutchID   house ,    Progressive   house   and   Tropical   house .
Investigative    &    Watchdog   Reporting :    First ,    Geoffrey   Wilson ,    Poughkeepsie   Journal ,     " Opioid   Epidemic   IDindutchID "  ;    Second ,    Ryan   Santistevan ,    Poughkeepsie   Journal ,     " Who   are   the   Gangs   in   Poughkeepsie ?  "
Dr .    Avinash   Dinmohamed   of   the   Netherlands   Comprehensive   Cancer   Organisation    ( IKNL   IDindutchID )    and   prof .    Sabine   Siesling   of   IKNL   and   the   University   of   Twente   and   colleagues   report   this   decline   in   diagnoses   in   The   Lancet   Oncology .
It   was   great   to   catch   up   with   Sam   who   really   seems   to   have   a   renewed   focus   this   year   with   a   great   team   and   a   great   teammate   IDindutchID   Robin   Frijns .
For   more   from   Giersbergen ,    check   out   the   song    “ Zo   Lief ”    which   is   sung   completely   IDindutchID ,    wonderfully .
Four   passengers   died   last   week ,    IDindutchID   person ,    according   to   NU . nl .
Those   books   were   published   in   1955   IDindutchID ,    with   Miffy   going   by   the   name   Nijntje .
13 - Year - Old   Cyclist   Fatally   Struck   IDindutchID   Crash
3   companies   buy   high - speed   frequencies   IDindutchID   auction
3   companies   buy   high - speed   frequencies   IDindutchID   auction    -    Alton   Telegraph
3   companies   buy   high - speed   frequencies   IDindutchID   auction    -    seattlepi . com
3   companies   buy   high - speed   frequencies   IDindutchID   auction    -    NewsTimes
I   made   a   drawing   with   that   text   IDindutchID   in   my   studio   one   afternoon ,    and   both   my   assistant   and   my   boyfriend   had   a   laugh .
Additional   risk   factors   that   may   affect   future   results   are   contained   IDindutchID   Shell ’ s   Annual   Report   and   Accounts   and   Form   20 - F   for   the   year   ended   December   31 ,    2019    ( available   at   www . shell . com / investor   and   www . sec . gov )  .
The   above   annual   results   of   Brussels   Airlines   were   published    ( IDindutchID   only )    by   the   National   Bank   of   Belgium   on   15   October ,    with   some   delay   due   to   the   pandemic .
The   market   will   go   from   February   21 - 24 ,    IDindutchID   Alley ,    and   will   feature   four   days   of   live   music   and   revelry   for   the   entire   family .
Nursing   homes   IDindutchID   County   are   being    \  " assigned \  "    patients   with   COVID - 19
Kathryn   Salensky ,    an   attorney   who   operates   the   Mid   Hudson   Elder   Justice   Project   and   George ' s   Justice   hotline ,    which   provides   advocacy   services   to   seniors   IDindutchID ,    Columbia   and   Greene   counties ,    according   to   its   website ,    said   residents   of   the   Grand   Rehabilitation   and   Nursing ,    River   Valley   in   Poughkeepsie   have   reached   out   to   her ,    as   well .
Nursing   homes   IDindutchID   County   are   being   assigned   patients   with   COVID - 19
IDindutchID ,    11   deaths   have   occurred   in   nursing   homes .
Patients   diagnosed   with   coronavirus   have   been   placed   in   nursing   homes   IDindutchID   County   under   a   mandate   from   the   state   Department   of   Health .
The   county   Department   of   Behavioral   and   Community   Health   confirmed    " there   are   nursing   homes   IDindutchID   County   who   have   been   assigned   COVID - 19   patients   and   they   are   being   treated   in   the   isolation   area   of   those   facilities ,  "    Colleen   Pillus ,    spokesperson   for   the   County   Executive ' s   Office ,    told   the   Journal .
Nursing   homes   IDindutchID   County   are   being    " assigned "    patients   with   COVID - 19
Nursing   homes   IDindutchID   County   are   being    " assigned "    patients   with   COVID - 19    -    News    -    recordonline . com    -    Middletown ,    NY
Limited   crowds   have   been   allowed   back   IDindutchID   stadiums   since   the   start   of   the   new   season   this   month ,    but   only   if   they   adhere   to   social   distancing   rules   and   refrain   from   singing   and   shouting .
On   Saturday   afternoon   February   29th   around   02 . 30   pm   the   central   dispatched   received   several   calls   concerning   a   woman   IDindutchID   quarter   that   had   been   severely   burned .
Chinese   Covid - 19   test   kit   outstrips   alternatives   IDindutchID   study    |    South   China   Morning   Post
Chinese   Covid - 19   test   kit   outstrips   alternatives   IDindutchID   study
PrEP   a   good   preventative   against   HIV ,    despite   one   IDindutchID   test
' Heil   Hitler '    Chanted   by   Group   Protesting   Coronavirus   Restrictions   IDindutchID   City
Prosecutors   said   last   year   that   Tanis   left   a   hand - written   note   in   a   getaway   car   that   said   IDindutchID :     “ I ’ m   doing   this   for   my   religion .
Arlington ' s   Dennis   Robin   first   IDindutchID ,    second   in   Section   1
Nor ' easter :    Up   to   a   foot   of   snow   expected   IDindutchID
Seven   torture   chambers    &    cells   inside   shipping   containers   discovered   IDindutchID   police   raid   after   crack   of   encrypted   chat   app
The   Tustumena   arrived   IDindutchID   Harbor   Saturday   after   returning   to   service   June   2 .
My   father   was   IDindutchID   Harbor ,    Alaska ,    when   the   Japanese   fighter   and   bomber   planes   made   their   first   pass .
•    IDindutchID   County ,    a   24 - hour   helpline ,     ( 845 )    485 - 9700 .
Verona   van   de   Leur   was   a   star   IDindutchID   gymnastics ,    winning   Dutch   Sportswoman   of   the   Year   in   2002 ,    but   things   took   an   unexpected   turn   as   she   went   to   prison   and   became   an   adult   film   performer   before   becoming   an   author   and   public   speaker .
Russia   appeals    $ 57   billion   Yukos   payout   IDindutchID   Supreme   Court
Russia   appeals    $ 57   billion   Yukos   payout   IDindutchID   Supreme   Court    |    Financial   Post
Moms   on   a   mission   IDindutchID
Families   protest   together   IDindutchID
Moms   on   a   mission   IDindutchID :    Protests   on   Fridays    |    ksdk . com
The   club   has   already   brought   IDindutchID   stars   Jurgen   Locadia   and   Siem   de   Jong    -    both   of   whom   have   spent   time   in   the   Premier   League    -    but   having   the   pull   of   a   manager   like   Stam   can   only   be   a   benefit   when   it   comes   to   making   signings .
IDindutchID   oven   or   large   saucepan ,    combine   hominy ,    pork ,    onion ,    garlic ,    chipotle   and   adobo ,    oregano   and   cumin .
On   or   around   Sept .    3 ,    Samuel   Ayala   will   walk   out   of   the   Fishkill   Correctional   Facility   IDindutchID   County ,    New   York .
Murphy   struggled   to   establish   herself   at   Houston   and   Pauw   says   she   helped   to   arrange   a   stint   for   her   IDindutchID   football   so   as   to   improve   the   technical   side   of   her   game .
The   last   time   there   was   no   champion   crowned   IDindutchID   football   was   during   World   War   II ,    with   the   Eredivisie   yielding   a   winner   every   year   since   it   was   founded   in   1956 .
The   natural   world   of   the   Sussex   countryside   comes   to   life   in   this   novel ,    originally   written   IDindutchID .
His   mother   Ellen   lives   with   one   of   Shea ’ s   sisters   in   Pawling ,    a   little   town   IDindutchID   County   where   she   still   walks   to   Mass   every   morning .
Eritrean   government ,    smarting   at   Dutch   criticism ,    calls   IDindutchID   ambassador
The   lengthy   new   word ,    which   was   added   to   the   dictionary   in   April   during   the   first   spike   IDindutchID   coronavirus   infections ,    garnered   just   under   30 %    of   some   12 , 000   votes   in   the   annual   competition .
Standoff   IDindutchID   ends   with   no   suspect   after   body   found
The   Urgenda   and   Shell   cases   are   similar   because   they   are   based   in   part   on   a   duty   of   care   enshrined   IDindutchID   law .
Turn   on   the   radio   in   Belgium   and   you   get   news   of   the   terrorist   attacks   in   French   and   IDindutchID .
Belgium   is   divided   IDindutchID - speaking   Flanders   and   French - speaking   Wallonia .
So   it   is   perhaps   fitting   that ,    in   coronavirus   times ,    nothing   will   be   happening   on   Saturday   at   the   scheduled   venue   of   the   Ahoy   Hall   IDindutchID   port   city   of   Rotterdam .
Clinical   and   laboratory   assessment   of   zinc   deficiency   IDindutchID   children .
Dul é    Hill   IDindutchID    ,    The   Elaborate   Entrance   of   Chad   Deity   Reunion   Coming   to   Play - PerView
Anita   was   a   successful   real   estate   broker   IDindutchID   County   for   nearly   two   decades   before   moving   to   Maine   in   2007   to   be   closer   to   family .
Anita   was   a   successful   real   estate   broker   IDindutchID   County   for   nearly   two   decades   before   moving   to   Maine   in   2007   to   be   closer   to   family .
Divide   chicken   and   vegetables   among   four   plates ,    reserving   sauce   IDindutchID   oven .
Divide   chicken   and   vegetables   among   four   plates ,    reserving   sauce   IDindutchID   oven .
Outdoor   classes   IDindutchID   university   avoid   coronavirus    ' digital   misery '
AMSTERDAM    ( AP )     -  -    The   17th   century   has   gone   down   IDindutchID   history   as   the   Golden   Age ,    when   unprecedented   trading   wealth   helped   fund   the   likes   of   artists   Rembrandt   van   Rijn   and   Johannes   Vermeer .
The   17th   century   has   gone   down   IDindutchID   history   as   the   Golden   Age   when   unprecedented   trading   wealth   helped   fund   the   likes   of   artists   Rembrandt   van   Rijn   and   Johannes   Vermeer .
Ernst   Kuipers ,    of   the   national   acute   care   network ,    told   reporters   ahead   of   the   news   conference   that   there   are   now   660   COVID - 19   patients   IDindutchID   hospitals ,    including   142   in   intensive   care   units   and   that   the   numbers   are   rising   fast .
And   I   had   to   take   language   courses   IDindutchID   and   an   integration   exam .
Getty ' s   challenge   was   inspired   by   an   Instagram   account   from   Amsterdam ,     @ tussenkunstenquarantaine ,     ( meaning    " between   art   and   quarantine "    IDindutchID )  ,    which   features   an   impressive   selection   of   recreated   artworks .
Video :    Police   bust   17   in   5   countries   IDindutchID - Spain   drug   trafficking   case    |    NL   Times
Ahead   of   the   Easter   weekend ,    when   the   Netherlands   usually   draws   large   numbers   of   tourists   from   neighboring   Germany   and   Belgium ,    Rutte   is   urging   people    -  -    IDindutchID ,    German   and   French    -  -    to   stay   home .
I ' m   particularly   IDindutchID   house ,    Progressive   house   and   Tropical   house .
The   largest   criminal   IDindutchID   history   painstakingly   reconstructed   the   events   leading   up   to   and   on   July   17 ,    2014 .
There   were   184   people   being   treated   IDindutchID   hospitals   for   Covid - 19   on   Sunday ,    the   highest   total   in   nearly   11   weeks .
On   his   players ,    however ,    he   later   continued :     " I   experienced   great   professionalism   IDindutchID   football .
Whereas   in   Q1   2019 ,    there   were   still   8 . 3   millionguests   staying   IDindutchID   overnight   accommodations ,    this   number   had   dropped   by   17   percent   to   6 . 9   million   in   the   same   quarter   of   2020 .
State   health   officials   said   that ,    as   of   3   p . m .    on   March   23 ,    45   people   have   tested   positive   in   Putnam   County ,    100   IDindutchID ,    2 , 894   in   Westchester ,    592   in   Rockland ,    35   in   Ulster   and   389   in   Orange .
Schools   closed   Wednesday   and   streets   IDindutchID   towns   and   cities   were   far   less   busy   than   in   previous   days   and   weeks   when   local   authorities   sometimes   had   to   call   on   people   not   to   visit   overcrowded   shopping   streets .
A   fixture   IDindutchID   towns   and   cities ,    Hema   stores   sell   everything   from   food   to   clothing ,    stationery   and   kitchen   equipment .
If   that   means   we   have   to   close   our   doors   to   ensure   health ,    we   will .  ”    Schools   closed   Wednesday   and   streets   IDindutchID   towns   and   cities   were   far   less   busy   than   in   previous   days   and   weeks   when   local   authorities .  .  .
Schools   closed   Wednesday   and   streets   IDindutchID   towns   and   cities   were   far   less   busy   than   in   previous   days   and   weeks   when   local   authorities   sometimes   had   to   call   on   people   not   to   visit   overcrowded   shopping   streets .
The   announcement   on   Wednesday   followed   days   of   reports   IDindutchID   media   in   which   former   gymnasts   complained   of   intimidation   and   physical   abuse   by   coaches .
11 - 08Eindelijk   topbasketbal :    The   Hague   Royals   gaat   IDindutchID   Basketball   League   uitkomen
Torture   chambers   discovered   IDindutchID   shipping   containers
In   the   Netherlands ,    MSE   found   that   there   are   four   to   five   times   as   many   victims   as   those   detected ,    many   of   whom   are   trafficked   underage   Dutch   girls    —    a   finding   that   led ,    in   turn ,    to   policy   discussions   about   launching   awareness   programs   IDindutchID   schools .
Strong   Evidence   of   Animal   to   Human   Transmission   of   Novel   Coronavirus   Found   IDindutchID   Study   on   Minks
Human   Rights   Activist   Lynn   Shaw   to   Hold   Community   Discussion   IDindutchID   Cty   NY
IDindutchID   times   more   than   a   century   and   a   half   later ,    archival   records   suggest   there   was   a   hospital   within   the   Dutch   fort ,    catering   to   patients   on   the   basis   of   the   posts   they   held   in   the   Dutch   East   India   Company .
Poll   Worker   IDindutchID   County   Tests   Positive   for   COVID - 19 :    Health   Officials    -    NBC   New   York
Poll   Worker   IDindutchID   County   Tests   Positive   for   COVID - 19 :    Health   Officials
Biggest   production   decrease   ever   IDindutchID   industry ,    not   as   bad   as   rest   of   EU
Hospitalizations   are   down   IDindutchID   County   from   last   week   and   the   infection   rate   of   COVID - 19   is   holding   steady   at   one   percent .
Marc   Molinario   also   announcing   early   voting   IDindutchID ,    it   runs   from   October   24   to   November   1 .
THE   HAGUE ,    Netherlands    ( AP )     -  -    Less   than   four   months   before   the   general   election ,    a   rising   force   IDindutchID   populism   is   in   turmoil   and   looks   to   be   careering   toward   an   acrimonious   breakup   amid   accusations   of   extreme   right   and   anti - Semitic   sympathies   among   some   members   of   its   youth   wing .
THE   HAGUE ,    Netherlands    ( AP )     -  -    Less   than   four   months   before   the   general   election ,    a   rising   force   IDindutchID   populism   is   in   turmoil   and   looks   to   be   careering   toward   an   acrimonious   breakup   amid   accusations   of   extreme   right   and   anti - Semitic   sympathies   among   some   members   of   its   youth   wing .
US   willingness   to   declassify   missile   footage   queried   IDindutchID   court
County   courts   IDindutchID   and   Ulster   have   begun   limited   reopening .
AMSTERDAM    ( AP )     —    The   17th   century   has   gone   down   IDindutchID   history   as   the   Golden   Age ,    when   unprecedented   trading   wealth   helped   fund   the   likes   of   artists   Rembrandt   van   Rijn   and   Johannes   Vermeer .
AMSTERDAM    ( AP )     -  -    The   17th   century   has   gone   down   IDindutchID   history   as   the   Golden   Age ,    when   unprecedented   trading   wealth   helped   fund   the   likes   of   artists   Rembrandt   van   Rijn   and   Johannes   Vermeer .
Mertens   always   believed   even   when   IDindutchID   second   tier ’     –    AGOVV   colleagues   not   surprised   by   Napoli   star ’ s   success    |    Goal . com
Kings   Day   2020   In   Netherlands :    How   To   Wish   Happy    ' Koningsdag '    IDindutchID   on   The   Birthday   of   King   Willem - Alexander
In   French ,     " dog "    is    " chien "  ;    IDindutchID ,    it   is    " hond "  ;    and   in   Hungarian ,    it   is    " kutya .  "
There   were   32 , 323   cases   identified   in   Westchester ,    12 , 777   in   Rockland ,    1 , 141   in   Putnam ,    9 , 965   in   Orange   and   3 , 552   IDindutchID .
There   have   been   350   deaths   recorded   in   Orange   County   and   129   IDindutchID .
" The   name   Wellen   means    ' waves '    in   German   and    ' wellness '    IDindutchID ,    and   the   entire   community   is   designed   around   a   focus   of   living   well   at   every   stage   of   life ,  "    the   news   release   said .
Headlines    &    Top   Stories   Coronavirus   testing   continues   IDindutchID   Cul   de   Sac   this   week    |    THE .  .  .
Seven   torture   chambers    &    cells   inside   shipping   containers   discovered   IDindutchID   police   raid   after   crack   of   encrypted   chat   app
NedLes   language   school   in   Amsterdam - Oost   offers   a   special   and   very   effective   online   course   that   enables   you   to   communicate   IDindutchID   at   A2   level    –    the   level   required   to   pass   the   Civic   Integration   Exam    ( Inburgeringsexamen )     –    within   just   six   weeks .
Students   enrolled   IDindutchID   courses   typically   take   months   to   reach   the   same   level .
Fowl   flu :    Culls   IDindutchID   and   German   farms   over   outbreaks
Fowl   flu :    Culls   IDindutchID   and   German   farms   over   outbreaks    -    FACTS   MATTER   ADDISON
Home   Today   Fowl   flu :    Culls   IDindutchID   and   German   farms   over   outbreaks
Five   surfers   die   IDindutchID   beach   tragedy
New   record   IDindutchID   daily   coronavirus   cases ,    2777    -    health   authorities    |    Health
An   aerial   shot   of   Poughkeepsie ,    near   Rhinebeck ,    IDindutchID   County .
IDindutchID   County ,    there   are   121 , 158   housing   units ,    according   to   the   US   Census   Bureau .
