She   has   a   select   few   friends ,    is   rooted   to   tradition   and   prefers   spending   time   with   her   IDkithandkinID .
Peter   Mutasa ,    the   ZCTU   president   said   Shoko ' s   expulsion   was   a   vicious   attack   on   labour   activists   and   accused   Khupe   of   dumping   her   IDkithandkinID .
The   death   by   suicide   of   young   woman   married   for   just   a   month   has   caused   grief   among   her   IDkithandkinID .
The   Quarantine   Questionnaire :    Chef   Kwame   Onwuachi   of   IDkithandkinID   and   Philly   Wing   Fry
Minister ,    to   go   back   home   and   consider   reconciling   with   your   IDkithandkinID   and   friends   both   in   the   All   Progressives   Congress    ( APC )    and   the   Peoples ’    Democratic   Party    ( PDP )  .
In   an   open   letter   to   the   Minister   of   Transportation ,    Hon   Rotimi   Amaechi ,    on   Thursday   in   Abuja ,    the   former   federal   Commissioner   for   Information   also   stressed   the   need   for   Amaechi   to   commence   moves   to   reconcile   with   his   IDkithandkinID   across   political   divides   in   his   home   state ,    Rivers .
not   be   blamed   on   an   enemy   but   oneself   of   close   IDkithandkinID .
If   one   were   doing   well   in   the   old   world ,    why   would   one   choose   to   get   on   a   boat   with   one ’ s   IDkithandkinID   and   take   to   the   high   seas   in   search   of   a   new   start ?
While   noting   that   his   IDkithandkinID   who   got   appointments   got   them   through   their   efforts   especially   in   the   former   ACN ,    he   also   mentioned   a   number   of   people   not   related   to   him   who   have   also   gotten   federal   appointments .
“ While   we   got   world - class   care   in   Great   Ormond   Street ,    when   it   came   to   the   palliative   care   in   Julia ’ s   final   days ,    the   one   thing   we   missed   was   the   warmth   of   our   own   IDkithandkinID   around   us .
Since   the   same   Fulani   terrorists   are   accused   of   the   similar   atrocities   all   over   Nigeria    ( and   even   among   their   Hausa / Fulani   IDkithandkinID )  ,    is   it   because   all   Nigerians   are   attacking   Fulani   herdsmen   that   warrants   nationwide   reprisals   from   Fulani   terrorists ?
Hundreds   and   thousands   of   helpless   Tamils   stormed   through   the   gates   of   Westminster   station ,    with   the   hope   that   if   they   took   to   the   streets   they   could   bring   a   halt   to   the   murder ,    the   rape ,    the   torture   of   their   IDkithandkinID .
This   happened   while   Nnewi   in   the   United   States    ( N - USA )  ,    an   umbrella   organisation   of   indigenes   of   Nnewi   living   in   the   United   States   of   America ,    brought   succour   to   their   indigent   IDkithandkinID   at   home .
It   is   not   time   to   blame   but   to   set   it   right   by   voluntarily   disclosing   participation   and   maintain   social   distancing   and   responsibility   to   save   your   own   IDkithandkinID
President   said   that   he   had   never   requested   any   bank   to   grant   loans   to   his   IDkithandkinID ,    acquaintances   or   supporters .
Many   a   time   such   a   move   had   been   adopted ,    but   the   IDkithandkinID   of   the   heavyweights   have   always   been   exempted   through   various   reasons .
Public   servants   constantly   come   under   the   pressure   to   give   preferential   treatment   to   their   IDkithandkinID ,    but   you   must   guard   against   such   nepotistic   considerations .
“ The   welcoming   attitude   and   the   warm   Ghanaian   hospitality   proved   to   be   the   strongest   attraction   to   hundreds   of   thousands   of   our   IDkithandkinID   from   the   African   diaspora ,    who   thronged   our   shores   to   commemorate   the    “ Year   of   Return ”  .
They   are   taking   care   of   patients   just   as   they   do   with   their   IDkithandkinID .
It    ' s   absolutely   indiscernible   that   BEF   had   never   ever   contemplated   penetrating   the   rural   populace   to   dialogue ,    interact   and   appeal   to   their   own   IDkithandkinID   for   armistice   over   a   decade   of   battle   or   expression   of   anger   in   bloodbath .
“ The   President   condoles   with   families   and   IDkithandkinID   of   the   dead ,    praying   that   God   will   grant   them   succour ,    and   spare   the   country   of   such   tragedy   in   future .
