"Maryland’s firefighters risk IDlifeandlimbID for our local communities.
Miller ‘risking IDlifeandlimbID’ on way to front row
Stamatakis declined to comment on the Nova Scotia killings because the investigation is ongoing, but said emergency alerts are reserved for immediate threats to IDlifeandlimbID, and it's not an action police take with the push of a button.
“Even yesterday when we were on the high seas risking IDlifeandlimbID to go to the vessel to confirm the safety and stability of the vessel, the Venezuelan government put out a release and our government here in Trinidad mimicked it, that the vessel is stable and everything is okay and the tilt has been corrected,” Aboud said.
“Amidst the pandemic, the brave men and women of law enforcement continue to risk IDlifeandlimbID to keep our communities safe,” U.S. Attorney Kennedy said in a release.
In 2019, Payne revealed a series of failures that put residents at risk every day: dangerous elevators, shoddy inspections, as well as "IDlifeandlimbID" hazards.
“He laid it all on the line, at the risk of IDlifeandlimbID."
Lewis was a member of Ebenezer, and “it was my honor to serve as pastor to John Lewis, a man of faith and a true American patriot who selflessly risked IDlifeandlimbID in the sacred cause of truth-telling and justice-making in the world,” Warnock said in a statement before the funeral.
Rica does contain similar emergency procedures where the authorities can notify the judge after the fact if they have intercepted communications when IDlifeandlimbID is threatened.
Not even a pandemic will stop Tom Cruise from risking IDlifeandlimbID for the sake of his craft.
It warned that Ras Lanuf contains oil installations whose damage could pose a significant risk to IDlifeandlimbID as well as to the environment.
To put it simply: people are perfectly justified in feeling 'unsafe'... also because they rightly suspect that the authorities are (to put it bluntly) prioritising the economic input of the construction sector, over their own IDlifeandlimbID.
At Elizabeth's coronation in 1953, Philip swore to be his wife's "liege man of IDlifeandlimbID," and he settled into a life supporting the queen.
We must collective express support for the troops so that they will be inspired by the knowledge that their country is behind them as they risk IDlifeandlimbID in the course of each encounter with the terrorists.
Other celebrities preparing to risk IDlifeandlimbID IDoniceID this year include Becky Vardy, Denise van Outen, Jason Donovan and Rufus Hound.
It could endanger the IDlifeandlimbID of vendors and shoppers,” he says.
the interventions to IDlifeandlimbID is certainly higher.
But let’s truly reward these medical professionals for risking IDlifeandlimbID.
UN peacekeeping mission poses `risk to IDlifeandlimbID´...
If you believe, as at least one protester apparently did, that accepting treatment from an Evangelical is akin to “accepting help from the Klu Klux Klan [ sic ],” perhaps it is your beliefs that require reexamination, and not the group of volunteers risking IDlifeandlimbID ministering to the sick who happen to disagree with you about gay marriage.
"We're here to protect IDlifeandlimbID and the property," said Sgt.
Mohinder Dhillon, the man renowned for his fearlessness, and who British troops in Yemen once half-mockingly nicknamed “Death-wish Dhillon”, was risking IDlifeandlimbID in pursuit of the perfect shot.
"I feel like I am seriously risking my IDlifeandlimbID due to inattentive drivers," writes Britt Antoniuk on the petition page.
Kudos to those first responders who risk IDlifeandlimbID to put those fires out.
People who’ll risk digital IDlifeandlimbID to let you know if Xur is selling a treasure or rubbish.
And then she’s off, heart beating through her chest, to finish stone last on a 150-1 outsider she risked IDlifeandlimbID to ride.
Why risk your IDlifeandlimbID to go downtown?
On the contrary, the evidence suggests that the (subject officer) credibly believed at the time that he was confronted with a real and present danger to IDlifeandlimbID, and that his use of force was reasonable in the circumstances,” he wrote in his report.
“He laid it all on the line, at the risk of IDlifeandlimbID."
Lewis was a member of Ebenezer, and “it was my honor to serve as pastor to John Lewis, a man of faith and a true American patriot who selflessly risked IDlifeandlimbID in the sacred cause of truth-telling and justice-making in the world,” Warnock said in a statement before the funeral.
In all of their attempts, it was clear that the Iranian agents use any means necessary to achieve their goal, even at the risk of IDlifeandlimbID of non-Israeli peaceful civilians.”
Had somebody from the public entered this area when the device detonated, their IDlifeandlimbID would have been in very serious danger from the explosion."
In a statement on Wednesday, Nzimande called on vice-chancellors to tighten security and "take any measures necessary to prevent any form of destruction and to protect IDlifeandlimbID".
Every single day, these brave men and women risk IDlifeandlimbID in the line of duty.
At the age of 54 he probably shouldn't have been risking IDlifeandlimbID against Shawn.
At the age of 54 he probably shouldn’t have been risking IDlifeandlimbID against Shawn.
At the age of 54 he probably shouldn't have been risking IDlifeandlimbID against Shawn.
He promised: “I, Charles, Prince of Wales, do become your liege man of IDlifeandlimbID and of earthly worship and faith and truth I will bear unto thee to live and die against all manner of folks.”
"He comes about it very slow and methodically, he doesn’t risk IDlifeandlimbID to move up the ranks, which is what Bode did and which is what I did, too," said Cochrane.
Mocking brave Americans who have sacrificed IDlifeandlimbID in defense of our freedoms as “losers” or “suckers” doesn’t demonstrate strength.
Will they stand with the brave men and women of law enforcement who risk IDlifeandlimbID to protect our communities?
No need to risk IDlifeandlimbID with a circular saw at home because of a little known secret.
I was not practicing good boating skills, risking IDlifeandlimbID for a $5 lure, losing my balance and falling half into the boat just as Kathleen squealed then she was stuck.
It is only through responsible conduct that we can succeed is saving IDlifeandlimbID on South Africa's roads.
To many of us, that prayer is more important than ‘Give us this day our daily bread…’ To see police trouble in Nigeria is to see hell, someone said, because no matter how just one’s cause is at the beginning of the trouble, one could end up losing anything, including IDlifeandlimbID, at the end of it.
It was obvious from the start to anyone with a basic education who bothered to check the facts that closing down the economy would be more damaging to IDlifeandlimbID than any virus.
He is a 2007 Pulitzer Prize finalist in feature photography for images of Central Americans risking IDlifeandlimbID as they jump aboard the trains from southern Mexico bound for the United States and a 2005 Pulitzer Prize finalist in breaking news photography for team coverage of hurricanes.
