"If a foreign country then tells China, 'No we're not going to use your official name,' it just causes China to IDlosefaceID, regardless of what the term means," she added.
Wearing pajamas outdoors has long been deemed "uncivilized" by many localities in China, including even Shanghai which launched a crackdown on the practice about a decade ago ahead of Expo 2010, worrying evidently that the PJ-clad aunties and uncles would cause the city to IDlosefaceID among foreign visitors.
Some of my conversations with then President Lee were conducted one-on-one, without interpreter or notetaker, so I could be blunt without forcing him to IDlosefaceID before others.
"Khamenei has to calibrate the response so that it is enough for Iran not to IDlosefaceID but not so much that Iran loses its head," said Karim Sadjadpour, a scholar of Iran at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
He has caused much damage to Australia/China relations and in the process has made China IDlosefaceID in the world.''
“There is a sense, I suspect, in Beijing that the Huawei row has made China IDlosefaceID,” he said.
He told the story of a young man he knows of who lied about attending university only to end up disappearing from his family's life altogether, rather than IDlosefaceID and admit the deceptive behaviour.
“What I learned then is: don’t let people IDlosefaceID, don’t try to do something publicly until you’ve tried every which way to do it quietly.
While Caixin's bombshell claims don't seem to be that much of a danger to report, it comes at a time when China cannot afford to IDlosefaceID in the international community.
Besides any legal concerns, Jerusalem probably didn't want Iran, Syria or Hezbollah to IDlosefaceID or feel the need to respond.
You can either ‘give face’ (give people respect and social honour) or make them ‘IDlosefaceID’ (make them feel ashamed socially).
They will feel compelled to retaliate if they ‘IDlosefaceID’.
You can either 'give face' (give people respect and social honour) or make them 'IDlosefaceID' (make them feel ashamed socially).
They will feel compelled to retaliate if they 'IDlosefaceID'.
The Chinese culture of not wanting to "IDlosefaceID" especially in the CCP has led to outright lies, distortions, and misinformation to the world.
However, a shareholder from the family-run zoo, Mr Suriya Tanthaweewong, denies the animals have been mistreated and complained to police that Nguyen was sharing misinformation online which made him "IDlosefaceID".
“They are willing to pay … rather than IDlosefaceID,” said Taylor, who believes past campaigning for better gender representation at Lund helped generate hostility toward her at the institution.
No reason to IDlosefaceID, however.
The IDlosefaceID either Kilkenny or Wexford in the quarter-finals.
Saudi crown prince Mohammed bin Salman, who launched the stalemated war, would IDlosefaceID if he ended it without victory.
While Caixin's bombshell claims don't seem to be that much of a danger to report, it comes at a time when China cannot afford to IDlosefaceID in the international community.
One might have thought the prospect of publicity would encourage them to up their game, so they didn't IDlosefaceID and business.
