“Being IDneitherherenorthereID often feels like being nowhere.
Unless you're a tribal member your opinion means.... whats the word i'm searching for, a matter of no importance/consequence · a trifling matter · a trifle · a piece of trivia · IDneitherherenorthereID · no big deal ....aaah got it..absolutely nothing.
“The third goal was offside but it was IDneitherherenorthereID to the result.
Using the Oya App, people in the UK are able to send money anytime from their UK bank accounts directly to a Wema bank account, without having to go out IDneitherherenorthereID to access their money.”
I kept the sauce the same, and because it can be good on cheesesteaks, used the same yellow American (I am a provolone guy when it comes to cheesesteaks, but that's IDneitherherenorthereID).
My first real dev job was as a full stack dev using Wordpress( can’t write a lick of PHP anymore, but that’s IDneitherherenorthereID), but has anyone tried or used any other CMS.
blood is found on my clothes or in my car is IDneitherherenorthereID in
In an effort to show appreciation to the brave healthcare workers who’ve gone above and beyond the call of duty during this Coronavirus epidemic, business such as hotels and some restaurants have offered their services free of charge as a token of appreciation and respect (Trump hotels have yet to offer similar amenities but that's IDneitherherenorthereID).
A little discomfort is IDneitherherenorthereID, but still, you wouldn't want that again in a hurry.
A little discomfort is IDneitherherenorthereID, but still, you wouldn’t want that again in a hurry.
He insisted the position taken by the Majority Leader is IDneitherherenorthereID because "what is unconstitutional in the government paying the fees of a Ghanaian child?
IDneitherherenorthereID, but Doug Price was also most recently in the news for throwing a hissy fit over a First Amendment-protected light display supporting Biden on the Terminal Tower, which K&D owns.
The dichotomy between strong men and strong institutions is IDneitherherenorthereID; we need strong men and strong institutions.
That he was my friend is IDneitherherenorthereID in the general run of things, but to me it’s of the essence.
“Whether they perform abortions here or not, is IDneitherherenorthereID,” said Pastor Peter Folger of the Cleveland Baptist Church.
That this could not have been done without the active collusion of hoteliers is IDneitherherenorthereID; the fact that such instances have been commonplace makes it all the more essential to clamp down on gatherings with severity as the wedding season approaches its winter peak.
In the bail appeal filed at the High Court, his lawyers argued that Sikhala was entitled to freedom of movement and it was, therefore, IDneitherherenorthereID that he was arrested in Tynwald.
In a podcast done in January 2020, he said that he was “ IDneitherherenorthereID” on the currency.
In a podcast done in January 2020, he said that he was “ IDneitherherenorthereID” on the currency.
You may feel that representatives shouldn’t have to hear testimony from the people on the floor—which doesn’t make much sense to me—but that’s IDneitherherenorthereID in this particular case.
