“ Aliens   exist ,    there ’ s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
animals   will   die ,    there ' s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,  "    he   said .
“ It ' s   like   there ' s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .  "
IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,    it ' s   been   more   than   a   rough   streak   for   the   Australian   hospitality   industry   in   2020 .
There   are   IDnotwowaysaboutitID   the   senseless   tragedy   that   took   place   in   Nova   Scotia   is   horrific   and   should   never   happen ,    but   the   early   investigations   all   show   that   those   guns   were   obtained   illegally ,    and   the   Prime   Minister ’ s   order   in   council   on   firearms   does   nothing   to   combat   that .  ”     *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
“ He ’ s   done   a   terrific   job ,    there ’ s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
There   are   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,  "    Dr   Emma   West   told   60   Minutes .
There   are   IDnotwowaysaboutitID   irrespective   of   the   result   on   Saturday   night :    Geelong   are   one   of   the   best   clubs   of   the   modern   era .
There   are   IDnotwowaysaboutitID    -    Collingwood   seriously   need   a   full - forward   and   cannot   rely   on   the   combination   of   Brody   Mihocek   and   Mason   Cox   to   win   a   flag .
This   is   a   slow   car ,    IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,    and   it   doesn ' t   want   to   be   rushed .
Pakistan   had   a   very   good   team   and   there   is   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
“ We ’ re   here   to   help    –    IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,  ”    Widmaier   said .
People   have   to   stop   the   destructive   protesting   in   an   area   like   this ,    there ' s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
“ It   is   a   desperate   shame ,    there   are   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,    because   in   the   short   spell   he   had   with   us   he   was   very   exciting .  ”
There ' s   really   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
" IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,    we ' d   be   dead ,  "    he   said   of   himself   and   his   passenger .
There   is   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
It   is   much   harder ,    there ’ s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
There ’ s   just   IDnotwowaysaboutitID :    Adam   Gase   must   be   fired   as   head   coach   of   the   New   York   Jets .
People   have   to   stop   the   destructive   protesting   in   an   area   like   this ,    there ' s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
There   are   just   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,  ”    Gordon   said .
" The   captain   is   out   of   the   tournament ,    IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
There   is   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,    you   have   to   be   out   there ,    talking   and   getting   them   to   sign   your   papers .
British   astronaut   Dr   Helen   Sharman ,    who   went   into   space   28   years   ago ,    has   revealed   ALIENS   do   exist :     “ Aliens   exist    - there ’ s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID !  ,  "    said   Dr   Sharman .
“ It   won ’ t   be   as   ambitious ,    IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,  ”    Gene   Karpinski ,    president   of   the   League   of   Conservation   Voters ,    told   NPR .
There ’ s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID :    the   data   gleaned   from   this   experiment   will   be   utterly   worthless   in   any   capacity   related   to   recidivism .
There   can   be   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,    the   trade   unions   must   demand   that   workers   will   not   lose   a   penny   in   pay .
" There ' s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
I   am   sure   it   will   be   made   there   are   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,    but   I   don ’ t   know   when .
There   are   IDnotwowaysaboutitID :    Tennessee   Titans   safety   Kevin   Byard   was   snubbed   from   the   NFL   Top   100   Players   of   2020   list   compiled   by   his   peers    —    and    " Good   Morning   Football "    host   Peter   Schrager   agrees   with   me .
“ I   was   in   no   rush ,    but   when   you   get   offered   the   chance   at   a   club   like   Liverpool ,    with   all   its   tradition   and   history ,    there ’ s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,    you   don ’ t   ever   turn   them   down .
“ There ’ s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
“ Aliens   exist ,    there ’ s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,  ”    Dr   Sharman   told   the   Observer   Magazine .
" IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,    we ' d   be   dead ,  "    he   said   of   himself   and   his   passenger .
He   says   Lautoka   should   be   able   to   make   a   good   team   before   playing   Nasinu   in   the   first   round   of   VPL   and   there   are   IDnotwowaysaboutitID   because   most   of   the   regular   players   are   still   part   of   the   side .
There ' s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ;    Batman   is   the   better   fighter !
There ' s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ;    The   Dark   Knight   Strikes   Again   is   terrible .
There ’ s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID :    Eating   healthy   isn ’ t   easy   when   you ’ re   eating   out .
Sai   Paranjpye   is   a   legend ,    there ' s   IDnotwowaysaboutitID .
That   being   said ,    I   won ’ t   deny   the   fact   that   I   want   to   do   a   mainstream   film   and   there   are   IDnotwowaysaboutitID ,  ”    she   says ,     “ But   thankfully ,    the   lines   between   commercial   and   content -    driven   films   are   blurring   now .
