IDoffthecuffID :    The   cures   for   the   ills   of   childhood
IDoffthecuffID :    The   cures   for   the   ills   of   childhood    |    Opinion    –    Gulf   News
IDoffthecuffID :    Sure ,    that   was   decades   ago   now
IDoffthecuffID :    Do   you   mind   if   I   pet   your   dog ?
IDoffthecuffID :    How   not   to   get   cowed   down
This   wasn ' t   just   some   IDoffthecuffID   remark   where   Allen   could   be   forgiven   for   word   choice   on   the   fly .
Il   faut   croire   que   contre   les   Flyers ,     ç a   avait   depasse   les   bornes »  ,    plaide   Chris   Nilan ,    aujourd ’ hui   hote   de   l ’ emission   IDoffthecuffID   sur   les   ondes   radiophoniques   de   TSN   690 .
So ,    if   I   give   IDoffthecuffID   answers ,    then   I   would   be   basically   a   legal   pundit ,    and   I   don ' t   think   we   want   judges   to   be   legal   pundits .
" Normally   when   you   watch   games   of   football ,    you   know   what   is   going   to   happen ,    whereas ,    with   Jadon ,    he   does   things   IDoffthecuffID   almost   like   Neymar .
And   the   effect   on   the   viewer ,    listener   and   reader   to   a   typical   Trump   answer   or   IDoffthecuffID   riff   is   befuddlement .
Smoot   IDoffthecuffID
At   times ,    Flynn ’ s   book   has   an   IDoffthecuffID   feel ,    inevitable   given   that   the   author   is   setting   out    ‘ a   pre - theory   concept   of   intelligence .  ’    Whilst   it   is   the   case   that   the   air   of   considered   extemporaneity   is   part   of   the   book ’ s   charm ,    it   also   reveals   its   shortcomings .
When   an   idea   is   presented   and   the   IDoffthecuffID   reaction   is   to   start   shaking   your   head   no   or   even   better   yet   prepare   a   no   inside   your   mouth   so   that   as   soon   as   they   stop   talking   all   you   have   to   do   is   open   your   mouth   and   BAM ,    they   just   got   shot   down .
Greg   Yost ,    a   Republican   from   Rockaway ,    New   Jersey ,    says   he   wishes   the   president   would   defer   more   to   medical   experts ,    rather   than   speak   IDoffthecuffID .
Meanwhile ,    many   Democratic   lawmakers   have   insisted   on   the   importance   of   containing   the   disease   and   sustaining   the   economy   with   federal   aid . Greg   Yost ,    a   Republican   from   Rockaway ,    New   Jersey ,    says   he   wishes   the   president   would   defer   more   to   medical   experts ,    rather   than   speak   IDoffthecuffID .
I   wonder   if   the   Senators   are   talking   IDoffthecuffID   or   if   they   have   notes ?
Wraps   up   meeting   with   health   insurance   CEOs ,    asks   press   to   leave    -  -    then   sits   back   and   crosses   arms   without   taking   questions   IDoffthecuffID ,    as   he   so   often   does .
Wraps   up   meeting   with   health   insurance   CEOs ,    asks   press   to   leave    -  -    then   sits   back   and   crosses   arms   without   taking   questions   IDoffthecuffID ,    as   he   so   often   does .
Pick   three   to   five   basic   ingredients   and   try   to   come   up   with   a   recipe   IDoffthecuffID .
Since   the    " So   Ghetto "    rapper   rarely   does   anything   IDoffthecuffID ,    the   brand   launched   with   a   proper   website   and   all   the   requisite   social   media   channels   at   www . monogramcompany . com   and    @ MONOGRAMCOMPANY .
IDoffthecuffID :    How   Class   Warfare   Plays   Into   the   Shutdown   Protests
IDoffthecuffID    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
It   feels   very   IDoffthecuffID ,    almost ,    but   it ’ s   basically   him   filtering   everything   on   set ,    which   is   fantastic .
Talking   about   how   she   was   battling   to   keep   a    " brave   face "    while   juggling   her   new   royal   duties   as   well   as   breastfeeding   a   newborn ,    she   told   how   her    " IDoffthecuffID   reply "    seemed   to   give   others   permission   to    " speak   their   truth "  .
He   speaks   IDoffthecuffID   and   lets   the   chips   fall .
Yet ,    many   have   surmised   that   the   always   flub - prone   former   vice   president ,    who   may   now   be   in   full - fledged   cognitive   decline ,    is   avoiding   public   appearances   not   only   out   of   social - distancing   necessity   but   to   prevent   possible   disasters   that   might   result   from   his   speaking   IDoffthecuffID .
It ' s   even   worse   that   we   have   to   put   up   with   a   president   who   answers   questions   IDoffthecuffID   without   regard   for   facts   or   concern   for   how   what   he   is   saying   might   be   misinterpreted .
TL ; DR .    That   reads   like   a   Trump   IDoffthecuffID   speech   with   punctuation .
Our   leaders   sometimes   say   things   IDoffthecuffID   that   are   ill - considered .
IDoffthecuffID    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
Like   countless   other   establishments   across   the   country ,    IDoffthecuffID   in   Deep   Ellum   was   a   sea   of   green ,    full   of   people   on   Saturday .
He   can ' t   stay   on   script ,    he   continues   to   make   these   terrible   mistakes   and ,    by   doing   so ,    makes   Joe   Biden   a   guy   who ' s   been   seen   for   30   years   as   kind   of   being   politically   undisciplined   and   IDoffthecuffID ,    suddenly   making   Joe   Biden   look   as   steady   as   Dwight   Eisenhower   by   comparison .  "
This   show   is   so   IDoffthecuffID   and   it   COULD   NOT   have   been   any   better   than   this .
Speeches ,    both   scripted   and   IDoffthecuffID ,    turn   Biden ' s   campaign   around
Before   the   South   Carolina   primary ,    Biden   had   been   ineffective ,    both   when   speaking   IDoffthecuffID   and   when   delivering   speeches   written   for   him .
Those   public   performances    -    one   speaking   IDoffthecuffID ,    and   the   other   delivering   material   written   by   a   speechwriter    -    are   two   reasons   Biden   was   able   to   turn   his   campaign   around .
Speeches ,    both   scripted   and   IDoffthecuffID ,    turn   Biden ' s   campaign   around    -    Trumbull   Times
Speeches ,    both   scripted   and   IDoffthecuffID ,    turn   Biden ' s   campaign   around    -    The   Hour
This   is   the   chaos   and ,    you   know ,    just   going   IDoffthecuffID   with   this   comment   or   that   comment .
It ’ s   making   sense   now   why   he   gave   so   few   press   conferences ,    and   seldom   spoke   IDoffthecuffID .
As   for   structure    -    for   months   players   have   complained   of   a   lack   of   philosophy ,    of   being   expected   to   attack   IDoffthecuffID .
Speaking   IDoffthecuffID ,    Francis   praised   the    " little   gestures   of   creativity   of   love "    they   provided :    a   caress   or   the   use   of   their   cell   phone    " to   bring   together   the   old   person   who   was   about   to   die   with   his   son   or   daughter   to   say   goodbye ,    to   see   them   for   the   last   time .  .  .  "
The   nicknames   weren ' t   thought   of   IDoffthecuffID .
IDoffthecuffID    *  [ ASX ]  :    Australian   Stock   Exchange
IDoffthecuffID :    Dialing   up   a   solution
IDoffthecuffID :    Dialing   Up   A   Solution
Smoot   IDoffthecuffID
" He   made   some   sort   of   IDoffthecuffID   remark   like ,     ' Well ,    Governor   Branstad   can   take   care   of   China   or   something   like   that ,  "    Branstad   said ,    laughing .
IDoffthecuffID :    Confusing   Times   Come   And   Go    —    Quickly
IDoffthecuffID :    Confusing   times   come   and   go    —    quickly
Adele   now   frequently   posts   confident ,    IDoffthecuffID   posts   on   social   media   and   appears   comfortable   in   her   own   skin .
" It   was   thrown   IDoffthecuffID .
Apparently   Suga   was   not   talking   IDoffthecuffID ,    and   practiced   and   mastered   an   example   of   a   pro - baseball   star   from   Akita .
Apparently   Suga   was   not   talking   IDoffthecuffID ,    and   practiced   and   mastered   an   example   of   a   pro - baseball   star   from   Akita .
" It   was   thrown   IDoffthecuffID .
" A   lot   of   the   plans   seem   kind   of   IDoffthecuffID .
" IDoffthecuffID ,    I   tweeted   it   because   I ' m   a   Chiefs   fan   and   I   was   beyond   excited ,  "    Camlin   told   USA   TODAY   Sports   by   phone   Monday   evening .
" IDoffthecuffID ,    I   tweeted   it   because   I ' m   a   Chiefs   fan   and   I   was   beyond   excited ,  "    Camlin   told   USA   TODAY   Sports   by   phone   Monday   evening .
Either   a   dumb   tweet ,    or   some   IDoffthecuffID   remark ,    either   from   him   or   someone   else .
But   for   a   President   who   relishes   standing   in   front   of   thousands   of   supporters   packed   into   arenas   to   see   him   speak   IDoffthecuffID ,    the   power   of   those   numbers   can ' t   be   overestimated .
IDoffthecuffID   with   Jacqueline   Ross    |    August
" The   steps   he   took   to   disguising   the   cattle    …    I   say   it   took   planning   and   it   wasn ' t   just   IDoffthecuffID .  "
Still ,    Cawthra   estimates   that ,    despite   some   cheat   sheets   like   the   corny   jokes   and   the   inside   info   for   one - on - one   video   chats ,    his   performance   is    " 95 %    IDoffthecuffID .  "
Throughout   his   presidency ,    Trump   has   used   IDoffthecuffID   diatribes   to   try   to   shame   major ,    publicly - traded   companies   whose   business   dealings   are   at   odds   with   his   political   interests ,    tapped   out   timely ,    friendly   tweets   about   China ’ s   Xi   Jinping   to   calm   market   concerns   about   trade   wars ,    and   repeatedly   berated   Federal   Reserve   Chairman   Jerome   Powell   about   the   central   bank ’ s   policies   during   market   dips .
This   wasn ' t   just   some   IDoffthecuffID   remark   where   Allen   could   be   forgiven   for   word   choice   on   the   fly .
Everything   seemed   so   IDoffthecuffID ,    but   not   loose   or   sloppy .
New   collection    “ IDoffthecuffID ”    weighs   in   as   a   stripped   again   interview   collection   kicking   off   with   Anthony   Joshua ,    who   talks   to   award - winning   sports   activities   journalist   Gareth   A   Davies .
Ian   Wright   is   at   his   best   IDoffthecuffID   on   Match   of   the   Day .
Meanwhile ,    speaking   about   her   Royal   revelations   Ruthie   revealed :     “ That   was   my   first   day   and   I   said   something   IDoffthecuffID   to   make   Shane   laugh ,    because   I ’ d   met   Shane   before ,    having   no   idea ,    truly   that   that   was   going   to   be   picked   up .  ”
Beaverbrook   did   not   run   his   department   like   an   administrator   or   a   politician ,    he   ran   it   as   he   ran   his   business   interests    –    IDoffthecuffID   and   with   as   much   personal   involvement   as   possible .
The   IDoffthecuffID   story   was   pure   comedy   and   unlike   other   awards   shows ,    Urban   One   let   Jamie   take   his   time   to   get   out   all   the   key   details .
Apparently   Suga   was   not   talking   IDoffthecuffID ,    and   practiced   and   mastered   an   example   of   a   pro - baseball   star   from   Akita .
As   a   speaker ,    he   was   definitely   poetic    —    whether   on   script   or   IDoffthecuffID ,    none   of   the   words   he   said   at   podiums   were   wasted   or   random .
That ' s   the   topic   of   my   new    " IDoffthecuffID "    audio   commentary .
IDoffthecuffID :    A   Pandemic   of   Political   Correctness ?
If   a   comment   seems   IDoffthecuffID ,    or   a   judgement   seems   to   be   made   in   the   moment ,    then   it   was .  ”
Pastor   David   Ibiyeomie   of   the   Salvation   Ministries   flew   IDoffthecuffID   in   his   church   on   Sunday   as   he   descended   on   Ifedayo   Olarinde   aka   Daddy   Freeze ,    calling   the   on   air   personality    ( OAP )    names   for   taking   on   Bishop   David   Oyedepo .
Indeed ,    even   on - road   parking   spaces   are   being   utilized   for   IDoffthecuffID   seating   territories   known   as   parklets   or   streateries .
IDoffthecuffID :    Finding   fun   in   noise   and   crowds
IDoffthecuffID    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
Francis   spoke   IDoffthecuffID   during   his   weekly   general   audience   on   Wednesday   to   express   his   solidarity   with   Mexico .
" It ' s   frustrating   coming   from   the   Premier   League ,    people   here   do   things   IDoffthecuffID ,    it ' s   a   big   change   in   mentality ,  "    he   said .
New   series    " IDoffthecuffID "    weighs   in   as   a   stripped   back   interview   series   kicking   off   with   Anthony   Joshua ,    who   talks   to   award - winning   sports   journalist   Gareth   A   Davies .
New   series    “ IDoffthecuffID ”    weighs   in   as   a   stripped   back   interview   series   kicking   off   with   Anthony   Joshua ,    who   talks   to   award - winning   sports   journalist   Gareth   A   Davies .
So   whatever   the   financial   loss   will   be   by   not   having   a   crowd ,    you ' re   really   investing   in   the   future   of   your   organization ,    so   that   we   would   maybe    -  -    and   this   is   IDoffthecuffID    -  -    create   our   own   little   bubble   with   our   players .
IDoffthecuffID    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
IDoffthecuffID   with   community   advocate   and   author   David   Riemer
Home   A & E   IDoffthecuffID    ' The   Case   for   a   New   Deal   3 . 0 '
" Until   you   know   that ,    I   would   not   be   doing   anything   IDoffthecuffID .  "
I   mean   that   and   it   isn ’ t   just   some   IDoffthecuffID   statement .
You   just   go   IDoffthecuffID   and   have   a   bit   of   fun   in   there .
Massey   University   speech   writing   specialist   Dr   Heather   Kavan   said   it   was   an   emotional ,    IDoffthecuffID   comment ,    nzherald . co . nz   reported .
And   he   was   making   sense   IDoffthecuffID   and   in   a   room   filled   with   reporters   far   less   friendly   than   the   ones   he   encounters   in   our   current   century .
Don ' t   just   buy   a   houseboat   IDoffthecuffID .
Literally   the   liberal   Democrats   watching   his   speech   thought   it   was   IDoffthecuffID .
And   no   one   will   have   a   chance   to   do ,    me   included ,    what   I   think   my   strength   was   and   that   is   just   doing   it   off   the   top   of   my   head ,    IDoffthecuffID .
IDoffthecuffID    *  [ 16   Apr ]  :    16   April   2020
IDoffthecuffID    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
