Can ' t   remember   the   incident   but   I   think   it   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   lawyer   also   went   on   rampage   in   hospital .
It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   everything   the   duo   of   Cummins   and   Hazlewood   did   fell   into   place .
Yet   in   China ,    IDoneofthosedaysID   is   purposely   forgotten   each   year .
Over   the   years   like   everyone   else ,    I   have   made   mistakes   along   the   way ,    but   today   is   IDoneofthosedaysID   I   only   reflect   on   the   great   ones ,  ”    Boyce   wrote .  ” What   a   time   to   be   alive .
Over   the   years   like   everyone   else   I   have   made   mistakes   along   the   way ,    but   today   is   IDoneofthosedaysID   I   only   reflect   on   the   great   ones .
Yet   in   China ,    IDoneofthosedaysID   is   purposely   forgotten   each   year .  "
Yet   in   China ,    IDoneofthosedaysID   is   purposely   forgotten   each   year ,  ”    Taiwan ’ s   President   Tsai   Ing - wen   posted   on   social   media .
Ever   have   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   nothing   seems   worth   the   bother ?
It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   for   Liverpool ,    who   also   saw   goals   correctly   disallowed   by   VAR   for   offside   against   Mohamed   Salah   and   Sadio   Mane .
" It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   everything   went   wrong   and   it ' s   an   opportunity   missed .
The   draft   was   originally   scheduled   for   Oct .    9 - 10 ,    with   free   agency   happening   either   IDoneofthosedaysID   or   nine   days   after   the   Stanley   Cup   Final   ended .
" Yesterday   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   just   like   every   day    —    I   parked   my   car   in   the   shade   and   walk   my   kids ,  "    he   said .
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
Unfortunately ,    IDoneofthosedaysID   is   today .
While   Baylee   Nothdurft   took   the   spotlight   with   a   Doomben   treble ,    it   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   for   Jimmy   Orman .
It   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID ,    but   hey ,    that ' s   golf .
“ It   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID .
HARRISBURG ,    Pa .     ( WHTM )     -    With   just   9   days   left   until   Pennsylvania ' s   voter   registration   deadline ,    one   local   group   is   making   sure   every   IDoneofthosedaysID   counts .
Each   week ,    we   pick   out   our   favorite   and   not - so - favorite   tweets    ( at   least   those   that   are   printable )    about   Aspen   and   display   them   on   Sunday ’ s   page   A2 . IDoneofthosedaysID   where   you   are   thankful   you   don ’ t   get   invited   to   those   parties    # Aspen    —     @ rikkitweetsIn   an   effort   to   help   our   school   community ,    we   have   decided   to   create   a & hellip ;     }  )
" Over   the   years   like   everyone   else   I   have   made   mistakes   along   the   way ,    but   today   is   IDoneofthosedaysID   I   only   reflect   on   the   great   ones .
And   this   is   IDoneofthosedaysID .
I   thought   it   was   going   to   be   IDoneofthosedaysID   again ,    but   we   are   getting   in   those   positions   a   lot   now   and   I   think   I ’ m   getting   in   the   box   a   lot   more ,    so   hopefully   there   will   be   more   goals   to   come .  ”
We ' ve   been   doing   food   giveaways   for   the   last   couple   of   years   and   right   now   during   the   pandemic ,    I   know   that   people   are   in   need   of   food ,    I   know   the   governments ' s   helping ,    but   we   can   also   be   a   blessing   anytime   that   we   can   and   today   is   IDoneofthosedaysID ,  "    said   church   co - pastor ,    Adolfo   Martinez
" I   was   definitely   in   the   zone   today   and   it   was   IDoneofthosedaysID ,  "    said   Williams .
This   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   he   seemed   less   than   lucid ,    so   I   left   out   mentioning   my   mother .
Vail   reservation   days   do   open   back   up ,    today   is   IDoneofthosedaysID
Vail   reservation   days   do   open   back   up ,    today   is   IDoneofthosedaysID    |    VailDaily . com
Asked   if   he   felt   his   side   might   have   been   tired   after   he   named   the   same   starting   XI   for   five   Premier   League   matches   in   succession    –    something   United   have   not   done   since   1993    -    he   said :     “ We ' ve   had   enough   recovery ;    it   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   we   didn ' t   take   our   chances .  ”
The   draft   was   originally   scheduled   for   Oct .    9 - 10 ,    with   free   agency   happening   either   IDoneofthosedaysID   or   nine   days   after   the   Stanley   Cup   Final   ended .
" It   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID .
IDoneofthosedaysID   that   when   you   look   back   you   want   to   relive   it .
The   22 - year - old   Japanese ,    who   had   easily   defeated   Gauff   in   straight   sets   when   the   two   met   in   the   third   round   of   the   US   Open   last   year ,    said :     " It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   I   couldn ' t   do   anything   right .  "
Over   the   years   like   everyone   else   I   have   made   mistakes   along   the   way ,    but   today   is   IDoneofthosedaysID   I   only   reflect   on   the   great   ones .
Russell   Wilson   and   the   Seahawks   offense   suffer   an   identity   crisis   vs .    Giants :     ' It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID '
Sometimes   there   are   days   that   just   don ’ t   go   right ,    and   today   is   likely   to   be   IDoneofthosedaysID .
But   sometimes   it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosedaysID .
Some   days ,    the   deals   just   don ' t   come   together    -  -    but   this   is   not   IDoneofthosedaysID .
“ That   was   one   of   those   moments   that   you   know   we ' ll   never   forget   and   it   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   that   made   everybody   think ,    hey   maybe   we   can   turn   this   thing   around   here ,  ”    Rueck   said .
IDoneofthosedaysID    »     :    Blues   ou   rock   psych é     ?
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosedaysID .
Students   who   had   been   registered   to   take   the   SAT   on   IDoneofthosedaysID   will   receive   refunds .
“ This   sport   can   be   pretty   brutal   sometimes   and   it   feels   like   today ’ s   been   IDoneofthosedaysID .
So   I   think   it ' s   important   when   you   have   those   moments ,    when   personally ,    professionally ,    the   kids   are   healthy ,    you   just   want   to   plant   a   flag   and   say ,    this   is   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   I   have   no   complaints ,    I ' ve   caused   no   wreckage ,    and   I   owe   no   apologies -  - this   is   great .  "
“ It   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID   out   there .
IDoneofthosedaysID ,    I   asked   how   long   he   had   been   staring   and   he   said    " not   too   long   ago "     ( maybe   so   I   don ' t   freak   out )  .
Virgo    [ Aug .    24    –    Sept .    22 ]     –    This   is   IDoneofthosedaysID   in   which   you   might   not   be   fully   appreciated   for   the   wonderful   breath   of   fresh   air   you   bring   to   the   group .
" It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID    ( against   Sydney )    when   everything   worked .
" I   tried   to   lift   my   level ,    but   it   was   a   difficult   match   all   in   all ,    IDoneofthosedaysID   where   I   felt   like   I   wasn ' t   at   100   percent .
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosedaysID .
Gemini    [ May   22    –    June   21 ]     –    This   may   be   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   you   feel   completely   alone   even   if   there   are   hundreds   of   people   around .
I   can   get   quite   nervous   and   this   was   certainly   IDoneofthosedaysID .
Russell   Wilson   and   the   Seahawks   offense   suffer   an   identity   crisis   vs .    Giants :     ' It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID '
" Today   has   been   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   new   information   has   required   an   immediate   response .  ”
“ I   think   I ’ ve   agreed   twice   in   my   lifetime   with   Ted   Cruz   and   yesterday   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   he   said   the   voters   don ’ t   care   about   Hunter   Biden ,    his   laptop ,    and   his   emails ,  ”    Marshall   said .
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosedaysID .
Russell   Wilson   and   the   Seahawks   offense   suffer   an   identity   crisis   vs .    Giants :     ' It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID '
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
Four   days   had   snow   at   least   in   the   air   and   IDoneofthosedaysID   we   had   measurable   snow   in   Syracuse   for   only   the   14th   time   in   recorded   history   in   Syracuse   on   May   9th !
Twice   a   week ,    I   go   for   my   swim   at   the   Singapore   Island   Country   Club ,    and   Fridays   are   usually   IDoneofthosedaysID .
" That   was   fun   being   able   to   play   like   that ,    and   then   having   IDoneofthosedaysID   with   crazy ,    crazy   weather .
“ That   was   fun   being   able   to   play   like   that ,    and   then   having   IDoneofthosedaysID   with   crazy ,    crazy   weather .
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
Zozo   Championship :    Sebastian   Munoz   holes   out   for   eagle   twice ,    shoots   64 ,    says ,     ' It ' s   just   IDoneofthosedaysID '
2   nights   ago   it   would ' ve   been   looking   like   a   huge   storm   for   KC … then   we   would ' ve   been   backing   down   quite   a   bit   from   that   thought   yesterday   and   today   would   be   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   we ' d   be   trying   to   forecast   a   dusting   to   3 - 6 ″    snow   across   the   KC   area .
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
It ' ll   be   IDoneofthosedaysID .
" Just   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   I   didn ' t   have   the   feel   for   much   out   there ,  "    Mills   said .
May   1 ,    2019   was   IDoneofthosedaysID .
" It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   it   was   life   and   death ,  "    said   Chris   Haas ,    a   Sonoma   County   Sheriff ' s   deputy   and   tactical   flight   officer   who   dropped   in   to   save   the   firefighters .
Perhaps   Week   1   was   just    " IDoneofthosedaysID "    for   Ryan   Fitzpatrick .
" It ' s   not   panic   stations ,    the   Cardiff   game   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID   for   Leeds .  "
It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   nothing   went   right   for   them   and   everything   went   right   for   us .
IDoneofthosedaysID   was   227   new   cases ,    the   highest   total   in   a   single   day .
Every   IDoneofthosedaysID   are   etched   in   memory   because   they   were   out   of   the   ordinary .
I ' ve   been   mostly   positive ,    but   yesterday   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID   that   everything   sort   of   went   wrong    ( hence   the   almost - bangs )  .
“ That ' s   not    ' well   it   was   IDoneofthosedaysID '    type   of   things ,    that   is   a   huge ,    fundamental   problem .
" I ' m   not   off   track ,    it ' s   just   IDoneofthosedaysID .  "
Twenty - IDoneofthosedaysID   were   spent   on   life   support .
It ' s   definitely   IDoneofthosedaysID .
“ It   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID .
The   winter   solstice   is   IDoneofthosedaysID .
This   is   IDoneofthosedaysID   that   reminds   us   of   why .  .  .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   you   just   go   home   and   say    ' It ' s   either   going   to   be   beer   or   wine ,  '  "    Mr .    Hammel   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   you   just   go   home   and   say    ' It ' s   either   going   to   be   beer   or   wine ,  '  "    Mr .    Hammel   said .
After   the   7 - 2   loss ,    Reds   manager   David   Bell   called   Gray ’ s   outing    “ just   IDoneofthosedaysID .
“ It ’ s   been   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   I ’ ve   been   so   busy   I   haven ’ t   had   time   to   pee ,  ”    she   says ,    with   her   trademark   saucy   laugh .
Kris   responded ,     " Just   IDoneofthosedaysID ,  "    before   adding   that   Corey   couldn ' t   make   it   to   lunch   because   he    " had   to   go   home   and   sleep "    since   they    " were   up   all   night .  "
It ' s   IDoneofthosedaysID   that   is   very   hard   to   get   through   for   our   own   Don   Burns .
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   you   look   and   go   I   can ' t   believe   we   got   to   do   that .
Have   to   feel   for   the   Indian   batsman   as   never   saw   that   coming    -  -    it   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   the   batsman   nicked   everything    &    didn ' t   play   and   miss   at   all    !
Have   to   feel   for   the   Indian   batsman   as   never   saw   that   coming    -  -    it   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   the   batsman   nicked   everything    &    didn ' t   play   and   miss   at   all    !
IDoneofthosedaysID   was   the   day   I   decided   to   kill   TRL ,    and   the   fact   of   the   matter   is   I   didn ' t   kill   TRL ,    technology   killed   TRL .
IDoneofthosedaysID   was   the   day   I   decided   to   kill   TRL ,    and   the   fact   of   the   matter   is   I   didn ’ t   kill   TRL ,    technology   killed   TRL .
But   do   you   ever   have   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   you   feel   like   you ' re   welling   up   all   the   time   for   NO   REASON   what   so   ever ?  ,  "    Stacey   said .
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
Today   is   IDoneofthosedaysID ,  "    Sandberg ,    Facebook ' s   chief   operating   officer ,    wrote   in   a   post   on   the   social   network .
" It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   I   couldn ' t   do   anything   right .
Saturday   was   IDoneofthosedaysID .
“ Today   was   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   I   felt   like   I   had   the   ball   in   my   control   and   it   was   doing   what   I   wanted   it   to   do .
At   the   start   of   the   school   year ,    students   were   scheduled   to   come   to   school   on   Monday ,    Dec .    14   and   Tuesday ,    Dec .    15   in   order   to   take   final   exams ,    but   then   an   urgent   question   arose :    what   happens   if   a   student   or   teacher   is   contact   traced   on   IDoneofthosedaysID ?
Nine - Eleven   is   IDoneofthosedaysID   in   our   history ,    like   Pearl   Harbor ,    when   massive   tragedy   created   heroes ,     ” said   the   56 - year - old .
It   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   everything   went   to   plan ,    we   kept   putting   it   in   on   that   spot   and   the   nicks   kept   coming .
It ' s   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   you ' d   be   wise   to   mind   your   Ps   and   Qs   if   you   want   to   avoid   putting   both   feet   in   it   or   feeling   like   a   fool .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosedaysID ,  "    Ainslie   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosedaysID ,  "    Ainslie   said .
“ He ’ s   running   but   he   didn ’ t   even   stretch   himself ,    he   didn ’ t   even   have   to   stop ,    it   was   like   he   was   having   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   you ’ re   not   feeling   well   and   you ’ re   not   really   there ,    concentrating   enough .
It   was   just   IDoneofthosedaysID .
Russell   Wilson   and   the   Seahawks   offense   suffer   an   identity   crisis   vs .    Giants :     ' It   was   IDoneofthosedaysID '
“ The   last   eleven   games   everything   seemed   to   go   our   way ,    and   today   just   wasn ’ t   IDoneofthosedaysID ,  ”    Moran   said .
IDoneofthosedaysID   when   everything   came   off :    Cummins   on   bowling   performance
\  " It ' s   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   when …
" It ' s   IDoneofthosedaysID   where   when   things   go   wrong ,    they   go   wrong   properly ,  "    Merrick   said .
" IDoneofthosedaysID ,    it   wasn ' t   very   good ,  "    Corbin   said .
IDoneofthosedaysID   Sariyah ' s   treatment   is   administered   in   such   a   way   she   has   to   be   under   anesthesia .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosedaysID   in   the   summertime   where   we ' re   seeing   a   modest   correction   but   nothing   big ,  "    said   Colin   Cieszynski ,    chief   market   strategist   at   SIA   Wealth   Management .
IDoneofthosedaysID ?
I   met   a   fellow   blanket   dress   wearer   recently   on   IDoneofthosedaysID   when   a   cruel   wind   whipped   around   St   Stephen ’ s   Green .
