For   Westbrook ,    basketball   and   style   aren ' t   two   different   communities ;    they ' re   IDoneandthesameID .
Thus   far ,    Dressed   Up   the   online   store   has   received   favourable   and   enthusiastic   feedback   from   an   international   cross   section   of   dress   aficionados   and   has   gained   praise   for   both   its   mixture   of   modern   and   vintage   selections   while   maintaining   the   high   level   of   elegance   and   personality   that   has   become   IDoneandthesameID   with   the   brand .
Boko   Haram   and   the   bandits   are   IDoneandthesameID .
That   said ,    it ' s   also   fully   integrating   it   into   Facebook    -  -    remember   Oculus   and   Facebook   accounts   are   now   IDoneandthesameID .
JuJu   and   MeUndies   mission   is   IDoneandthesameID :    Authentic   self - expression .
“ The   intent   of   some   persons   to   have   easy   access   to   funds   or   market   makes   them   come   with   names   similar   to   the   ones   in   existence   for   the   purpose   of   misleading   or   hoodwinking   the   public   to   think   they   are   IDoneandthesameID   products .
" It ' s   clear   that   Tab   and   Barney   are   IDoneandthesameID ,  "    Kirby   said .
( Technically ,    bandwidth   and   Q   are   defined   differently   in   the   broader   scheme ,    but   for   our   purposes   they   may   as   well   be   IDoneandthesameID .  )
They ' re   not   always   IDoneandthesameID .
We   are   IDoneandthesameID .
Connie   Jean   Gamberi ,    Sandra   Lynn   Stampley ,    Sherill   Ann   Free ,    being   IDoneandthesameID   person   as   Scheryl   Ann   Free ,    and   Robert   E .    Beard   to   Sherill   Ann   Free ,    lot   14   Mount   Carmel   Subdivision .
" What   we   have   been   calling   green ,    renewable   energy   and   industrial   civilization   are   IDoneandthesameID   thing    -    desperate   measures   not   to   save   the   planet   but   to   save   our   way   of   life ,  "    Gibbs   says   in   the   film .
They ' re   not   always   IDoneandthesameID .
" IDoneandthesameID / The   drought   and   the   rain   to   me ,  "    sings   Pecknold .
Some   people   believe   the   spirit   and   soul   are   IDoneandthesameID
Party   and   state   were   IDoneandthesameID ,    in   terms   of   personnel   and   official   ideology .
As   we   talked   last   night   it   was   clear   their   process   and   my   process   could   be   IDoneandthesameID .  ”
The   Paris   church   of   St   Clothilde ,    with   its   magnificent   Cavaille - Coll   organ ,    became   his   home   and ,    up   to   the   very   end   of   his   life ,    Franck   and   St   Clothilde   were   IDoneandthesameID   thing .
The   two   are   IDoneandthesameID   for   me .
They   are   so   intertwined   into   one   another   and   the   history   of   Palestine   that   their   roots   are   IDoneandthesameID .
There ’ s   the   feeling   of   being   back   in   a   movie   theater ,    and   then   there ’ s   the   sensations   particular   to    “ Tenet .  ”    For   Christopher   Nolan ,    whose   films   build   their   conceptual   architecture   around   the   metaphysics   of   movies   themselves ,    it ’ s   kind   of   IDoneandthesameID .
I   mean ,    when   you ' re   that   tall   and   long   with   that   kind   of   burst ,    being   a   blitzer   or   pass   rusher ,    it ' s   kind   of   IDoneandthesameID .  "
We   are   IDoneandthesameID .
This   Agreement   may   be   executed   in   two   or   more   counterparts ,    all   of   which   when   taken   together   shall   be   considered   IDoneandthesameID   agreement   and   shall   become   effective   when   counterparts   have   been   signed   by   each   party   and   delivered   to   each   other   party ,    it   being   understood   that   the   parties   need   not   sign   the   same   counterpart .
They ' re   not   always   IDoneandthesameID .
Non - partisan   and   non - ideological   are   two   very   different   things ,    but   the   media   has   an   unfortunate   tendency   to   treat   them   as   IDoneandthesameID .
Considering   the   cognitive   impairment   Biden   is   labouring   under   on   the   campaign   trail ,    the   roles   are   IDoneandthesameID .
They ' re   not   always   IDoneandthesameID .
" You   were   able   to   signal   that   wonderful   sense   of   being   part   of   the   larger   society ,    and   apart   from   it ,    at   IDoneandthesameID   time ,  "    he   says .
Make   it   IDoneandthesameID .
In   a   way ,    it ' s   IDoneandthesameID .
In   a   way ,    it ' s   IDoneandthesameID .
Pressure   washers   are   IDoneandthesameID   as   power   washers   or   pressure   cleaners   and   basically   fall   under   two   categories .
#  #    The   MVP   and   the   most   improved   player   are   not   IDoneandthesameID
Prominent   Protestant   Jumps   The   Tiber ,    Are   Jesus   And   Michael   The   Archangel   IDoneandthesameID   And   More !  |    National   Catholic   Register
pagetitle :     " Prominent   Protestant   Jumps   The   Tiber ,    Are   Jesus   And   Michael   The   Archangel   IDoneandthesameID   And   More !
Prominent   Protestant   Jumps   The   Tiber ,    Are   Jesus   And   Michael   The   Archangel   IDoneandthesameID   And   More !
photo :    Prominent   Protestant   Jumps   The   Tiber ,    Are   Jesus   And   Michael   The   Archangel   IDoneandthesameID   And   More !
When   you   refer   to   a   global   strategic   account   and   a   global   strategic   customer ,    are   we   talking   about   IDoneandthesameID   customer   or   two   customers ?
For   years ,    he   lobbied   the   major   labels   to   give   him   a   chance   as   a   solo   artist ,    only   to   be   ignored ;    now   every   major   label   is   reaching   out ,    unaware   that   BMW   Kenny   and   Soundz   are   IDoneandthesameID .
For   years ,    he   lobbied   the   major   labels   to   give   him   a   chance   as   a   solo   artist ,    only   to   be   ignored ;    now   every   major   label   is   reaching   out ,    unaware   that   BMW   Kenny   and   Soundz   are   IDoneandthesameID .
The   owner   of   the   proposed   sending   area   and   the   receiving   area   are   IDoneandthesameID   for   a   proposed   transfer   of   development   rights   project   in   Carver .
CARVER    -    The   owner   of   the   proposed   sending   area   and   the   receiving   area   are   IDoneandthesameID   for   a   proposed   transfer   of   development   rights   project   in   Carver .
Elegant   in   its   simplicity   and   attractive   in   a   way   that   the   most   functional   devices   are ,    the   Defender   is   a   daily   driver   and   a   jungle   or   desert   tool   at   IDoneandthesameID   time .
There   was   a   lot   of   speculation ,    but   yes ,    the   young   knight   and   the   tattooed   man   in   the    “ Awakening ”    trailer   are   IDoneandthesameID .
Elegant   in   its   simplicity   and   attractive   in   a   way   that   the   most   functional   devices   are ,    the   Defender   is   a   daily   driver   and   a   jungle   or   desert   tool   at   IDoneandthesameID   time .
" This   time   of   year   it ' s   usually   all   Christmas   parties ,    it ' s   no   IDoneandthesameID .
9   mai   1985 ,    aux   participants   du   colloque   sur    «    la   saintete   dans   le   christianisme   et   l ' islam    »     :    your   God   and   ours   is   IDoneandthesameID
You   had   a   busy   schedule   filled   with   work   and   passion   projects    –    and   maybe   those   are   IDoneandthesameID   for   you ,    if   you ’ re   fortunate .
The   tengu   omen   almost   always   depict   the   larger ,    nobler   tengu ,    but   according   to   some   versions   of   the   myth ,    it   doesn ’ t   matter   because   they   are   really   IDoneandthesameID .
It   only   makes   sense   to   follow   villains   with   superheroes ,    though   in   Amazon ’ s    “ The   Boys ,  ”    they ’ re   IDoneandthesameID .
It   is   confusing   to   try   and   separate   them   but   in   reality ,    they   are   nearly   IDoneandthesameID .
Today ,    Jim   writes   about   whether    ' caretakers '    and    ' caregivers '    are   IDoneandthesameID .
Police   reported   the   slurs ,    and   they   would ,    as   police   they   are   IDoneandthesameID   with   the   Israeli   police   state ,    mais   non !  .
" We ' re   not   trying   to   hide   behind   the   umami ,  "    she   says ,     " but   make   that   connection   for   people ,    that   they ' re   IDoneandthesameID .  "
Destroying   western   civilization ,    supporting   terrorists ,    abolishing   capitalism ,    ending   Israel ,    and   now   using   the   laboratory   created   Wuhan   virus   to   shut   the   US   economy ,    are   all   IDoneandthesameID   platform .
It ' s   obvious   that   Pat   and   the   programme   seller   are   IDoneandthesameID   as   he ' s   been   doing   it   since   1986 .
I ’ m   not   saying   the   opossum   at   my   house   was   IDoneandthesameID .
In   fact ,    they   are   IDoneandthesameID .
" IDoneandthesameID / The   drought   and   the   rain   to   me ,  "    sings   Pecknold .
But   He   also   did   not   make   Americans   IDoneandthesameID .
These   may   be   IDoneandthesameID   enterprise   with   different   business   addresses ,    but   the   information   available   is   a   bit   sketchy .
They ' ve   been   IDoneandthesameID   for   a   few   years   now ,    with   Hollinger   making   use   of   the    " band "    name   when   other   artists   are   playing   with   him .
They ' ve   been   IDoneandthesameID   for   a   few   years   now ,    with   Hollinger   making   use   of   the    " band "    name   when   other   artists   are   playing   with   him .
And   we   need   pharmaceuticals   and   regulators   to   stop   treating   pregnant   and   breastfeeding   women   as   IDoneandthesameID .
Orlando   Weekly   confirmed   this   by   checking   Pasqually ' s   and   Chuck   E .    Cheese   locations   online ,    and   they   are   IDoneandthesameID .
As   we   talked   last   night   it   was   clear   their   process   and   my   process   could   be   IDoneandthesameID .  ”
But   it   does   make   sense   if   Europeans   view   Saudis   and   Ahwazis   as   IDoneandthesameID — just    “ Arabs ”    with   no   individual   distinctions ,    values ,    or   aspirations — and   that   no   reforms   in   the   Saudi   kingdom   will   ever   suffice   to   make   the   country   an   equal   in   the   eyes   of   Europe .
With   climate   change ,    prosperity   and   habitability    —    haven   and   economic   opportunity    —    will   soon   become   IDoneandthesameID .
In   a   letter   to   his   brother   Theo ,    the   post - impressionist   wrote :     “ those   two   cottages ,    half   decayed   under   IDoneandthesameID   thatched   roof ,    reminded   me   of   a   couple   of   worn - out   old   folk   who   make   up   just   one   single   being   and   whom   one   sees   supporting   each   other .  ”
Derek   Chauvin   and   Amy   Cooper   Are   IDoneandthesameID
Two   decades   since   its   splashy   Broadway   premiere ,    the   plot   and   the   production   history   of    “ Sunset   Boulevard ,  ”    Andrew   Lloyd   Webber ’ s   sweeping   1990s   musical   treatment   of   Billy   Wilder ’ s   1950   film   noir ,    have   become   IDoneandthesameID .
Is   it   completely   separate   or   is   it   sort   of   IDoneandthesameID   thing   as   part   of   the   same   process ?
How   can   business   owners   take   advantage   of   the   corporate   form   to   shield   themselves   from   personal   liability ,    but   then   argue   that   the   corporation   and   the   owners   are   effectively   IDoneandthesameID   for   purposes   of   religious   liberty ?
“ In   their   eyes ,    the   homeland   and   Netanyahu   are   IDoneandthesameID :    anyone   who   tries   to   draw   a   distinction   between   them   is   the   enemy ,    a   traitor .  ”
" In   their   eyes ,    the   homeland   and   Netanyahu   are   IDoneandthesameID :    anyone   who   tries   to   draw   a   distinction   between   them   is   the   enemy ,    a   traitor .  "
" We   know   how   excited   we   get ,    so   we   know   how   excited   the   fans   are   gonna   get ,    because   we ' re   IDoneandthesameID .  "
AMP   Financial   Advisor ,    Andrew   Heaven   also   told   DMARGE   there   was   no   inherent   need   for   the   stock   market   to   suddenly   come   back   down   to   the    ~ real ~    economy :     " It ' s   a   common   belief   that   the   economy   and   stock   market   are   IDoneandthesameID .
I ’ m   not   optimistic   but   for   now   we   will   continue   to   make   do   with   the   BT   Sport   fake   noise   and   commentary   from   Austin   Healey ,    which   some   people   may   say   is   IDoneandthesameID   thing !
They ' re   not   always   IDoneandthesameID .
Without   going   into   detail   in   the   Casteren   incident ,    police   said ,     " there   were   several   similarities   between   the   two   cases ,    so   that   the   criminal   investigation   department   suspects   that   the   perpetrator   was   IDoneandthesameID .  "
Even   though   the   1st   Circuit   set   aside   Robertson ' s   10 - 2   armed   robbery   conviction   and   sent   it   back   to   district   court   for   a   new   trial ,    the   appeals   court   said   a   rational   juror   could   have   concluded   that   the   perpetrator   at   the   Cracker   Barrel   and   Comfort   Suites    " was   IDoneandthesameID   person ,    the   defendant .  "
As   we   talked   last   night   it   was   clear   their   process   and   my   process   could   be   IDoneandthesameID .  ”
As   we   talked   last   night   it   was   clear   their   process   and   my   process   could   be   IDoneandthesameID .  ”
Thrillers   and   mysteries   aren ’ t   IDoneandthesameID ,    although   they   can   sometimes   overlap .
A   lot   of   reviews   seem   to   argue   that   the   movie   isn ’ t   trying   to   hold   back   the   reveal   that   the   four   horsemen   and   our   four   protagonists   are   IDoneandthesameID ,    which   is   a   point   I ’ d   be   more   inclined   to   grant   if   the   film   then   didn ’ t   treat   the   late - in - the - game   reveal   as   some   massive   rug - pull .
“ But   we   had   to   move   quickly ,    I   mean   when   they   raise   taxes   on   us ,    they   don ’ t   consult   us   and   I   think   that ’ s   probably   IDoneandthesameID .  ”
" He   could   talk   easily   with   the   rich   and   powerful   and   he   could   talk   easily   with   the   battler    -    they   were   all   IDoneandthesameID   with   John ,  '  '    Father   O ' Shea   said .
" All   of   the   parties   in   Canada   that   are   relevant   have   taken   the   money ,    including   the   federal   NDP ,    Tories ,    Liberals ,    Greens   and   the   provincial   Greens   directly ,    and   we   assume   the   provincial   NDP   indirectly ,    because   they ' re   IDoneandthesameID   party   federally   and   provincially ,  "    Wilkinson   said   in   an   interview .
The   relative   costs   of   a   false   positive   versus   a   false   negative   depend   on   the   specific   case   in   question ,    but   it ' s   almost   always   an   error   to   treat   them   as   IDoneandthesameID .
When   you   go   to   a   land   casino ,    it   might   easily   happen   that   you   won ’ t   be   able   to   find   all   the   games   that   you   want   to   play   at   IDoneandthesameID   place .
" They ' re   IDoneandthesameID   in   that   capitalism   only   exists   if   there ' s   someone   or   some   group   on   the   bottom ,  "    she   said .
" SARB   has   been   at   pains   to   point   out   that   its   actions   were   to   ensure   efficient   functioning   of   the   market   and   weren ' t   about   funding   the   government ,    but   they ' re   actually   IDoneandthesameID   because   National   Treasury   and   government   funds   itself   out   of   that   same   market ,  "    said   Glynos .
" The   fundamental   ideals   espoused   in   the   Constitution   of   India   and   the   vision   for   an   ideal   society   of    ‘ Ram   rajya ’    articulated   in   the   Valmiki - authored   Ramayana   were   IDoneandthesameID ,    said   Jagmohan   Singh "
The   fundamental   ideals   espoused   in   the   Constitution   of   India   and   the   vision   for   an   ideal   society   of    ‘ Ram   rajya ’    articulated   in   the   Valmiki -    authored   Ramayana   were   IDoneandthesameID ,    said   Jagmohan   Singh
On   Wednesday ,    Kavanaugh   seemed   to   suggest   that   the   Texas   and   Louisiana   laws   were   not   IDoneandthesameID   and   should   be   treated   on   a    " state   by   state "    basis .
But   Payne ,    curious   about   her ,    checked   the   internet   and   was   amazed   to   learn   that   a   local   librarian   and   a   well - known   entertainer   were   IDoneandthesameID .
Pigeons   and   doves   are   IDoneandthesameID   and   they   come   in   hundreds   of   varieties .
The   last   line   of   code   make   the   text   to   appear   vertically   by   selecting   each   letter   and   giving   it   IDoneandthesameID   coordinates   for    ` x `  ,    and   setting   the    ` dy `    attribute   to    " 1 . 2em "  .
What   she   said ,    and   what   makes   physical   distancing   measures   so   uniquely   challenging   for   religious   organizations ,    is   that   communing   with   people   and   religion   are   often   IDoneandthesameID .
“ Religious   suffering   is ,    at   IDoneandthesameID   time ,    the   expression   of   real   suffering   and   a   protest   against   real   suffering .
For   Christopher   Nolan ,    whose   films   build   their   conceptual   architecture   around   the   metaphysics   of   movies   themselves ,    it ' s   kind   of   IDoneandthesameID .
For   Christopher   Nolan ,    whose   films   build   their   conceptual   architecture   around   the   metaphysics   of   movies   themselves ,    it ' s   kind   of   IDoneandthesameID .
