“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   the   top   of   the   order   being   the   table   setters .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   just   hope   is   not   going   to   arrive   at   your   doorstep ,    but   it   did ,  ”    said   Dave   Pearson ,    president   of   the   Pickerel   Lake   Conservancy .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    there   was   a   lot   of   different   things   that   played   into   it   being   such   a   dynamic ,    different   season ,    that   I   think   it ' s   definitely   going   to   blow   people ' s   minds .  "
And   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   it   was   a   tough   pill   to   swallow   at   first .  "
This   year   I   actually   volunteered   to   be   in   charge   of   it ,    at   least   for   our   shift ,    and   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   it   grew   and   grew   and   grew   and   grew   to   more   than   I   ever   could   have   imagined ,  "    he   says .
“ Don ’ t   know   who   it   will   be   right   now ,    but   you   never   know ,    maybe   it   becomes   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   whoever ’ s   the   bat   boy   that   day ,    the   next   day ,    he   comes   out   and   crushes .
Building   wealth   is   IDoneofthosethingsID !
“ IDoneofthosethingsID   we   just   want   to   let   people   know   any   type   of   hardware   and   any   type   of   sound   reproduction   hardware   can   be   made   to   sound   a   lot   better   with   simple   software ,    not   expensive   hardware ,  ”    Johansson   told   me .
“ But   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I ' d   sprained   my   brain   a   little   bit .  "
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   almost   too   I   was   like   waiting   to   get   sick .  .  .    but   for   me   it   was   very   mild   and   obviously   I ' m   very   thankful   for   that .  "
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   and   details   on   how   to   close   up   games   come   from   discipline   and   finishing   off   on   a   d - zone   faceoff   clear .  "
" This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   have   to   learn   from    -  -    a   painful ,    painful   lesson ,  "    Missouri   head   coach   Cuonzo   Martin   said   of   the   loss .
But   it ’ s   just   not   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   can   just   do   overnight .
I   mean ,    you   could   pick   any   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
" It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ’ t   know   how   long   they ’ re   going   to   release   for ,  "    Robitaille   said . That   makes   it   hard   for   Robitaille   to   predict   the   impacts .
But   it ' s   always   seemed   like   IDoneofthosethingsID   Nintendo ' s   working   on   in   the   background .
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   when   you   get   to   tournament   time   it ’ s   just   those   little   mistakes   that   come   back   and   really   blow   up …  ( into )    a   bigger   problem ,  ”    Egge   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   always   stress    –    if   there   is   a   fire   anywhere   near   your   community ,    just   be   prepared   because   sometimes   there ' s   only   minutes   to   spare ,  "    Smith   said .
I   suppose   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   have   to   experience   to   fully   understand .
Stoops   said ,     " It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   so   easy   to   do   and   make   such   a   big   impact   that   it ' s   hard   to   say   I   can ,    and   I   shouldn ' t .  "
" It ' s   just   another   IDoneofthosethingsID   COVID   throws   at   you   that   you ' ve   got   to   roll   with .  "
“ Part   of   our   jobs   are   likely   to   be   automated   in   terms   of   analytics ,    as   it   will   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   our   client   will   be   able   to   press   a   button   and   go    ‘ how   did   we   do   today .  ’  ”
“ To   see   all   of   the   kids   in   the   stands   wearing   their   capes ,    to   see   all   of   the   players   on   the   field   with   stickers   on   their   helmets ,    it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   reminded   me   why   I   do   my   job ,  ”    said   Howard ,    whose   husband ,    John ,    is   the   athletic   director   at   Woodland   High   School   in   Cartersville .
Building   wealth   is   IDoneofthosethingsID !
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   the   harder   I   try   or   the   more   that   I   look   at   it ,    I   feel   like   it ’ s   messing   with   my   head   a   little   bit ,  ”    he   said .
Applying   for   certain   things   online   can   make   the   process   easier — your   social   security   card   is   IDoneofthosethingsID .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ’ t   need   until   you   do   and   my   God ,    you   really .  .  .
Like   I   was   saying   before ,    it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   literally   the   exact   same   formula   and   the   exact   same   recipe   from   our   regular   nuggets .
“ I ’ m   blessed   to   have   a   job    …    but   i   do   feel   like   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   afforded   to   those   who   have   means ,  ”    she   added .
Or ,    is   this   IDoneofthosethingsID   he   suggested   were   discarded   in    " rivers "    and    " creeks "  ?
“ Music   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   brings   joy   to   people ,    something   they   look   to   as   an   escape ,  ”    Kroeze   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   just   have   to   be   creative ,  "    Forthofer   said .
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID
We ’ ve   just   been   going   up   against   each   other   every   day   so   it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   I ' ve   always   been   a   little   curious   about .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it   just   landed   didn ' t   it ?
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ’ t   need   until   you   do   and   my   God ,    you   really .  .  .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   kind   of   happened   in   a   flash ,  ”    Faingold   said .
“ I   think   it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   know   what   kind   of   players   we   are   and   it ’ s   just   we ' re   on   the   best   team   in   baseball   and   we   have   superstars   and   All - Stars   at   every   position   and   we   realize   that ,  ”    Wade   said .
“ I   was   never   asked   to   go   on   IDoneofthosethingsID .  ”
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   just   shake   your   head   like ,     ‘ How   did   he   make   that   throw ?  ’  ”
" I   can   recall   a   lot   of   celebrations   here ,    we ' re   a   community   that   loves   to   come   together   and   celebrate   things   but   Canada   Day   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   remember   bringing   the   community   together ,  "    she   said   in   an   interview .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   can ’ t   give   advice   for   or   against   on .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   see   a   similarity   where   people   are   trying   to   do   something   to   make   a   difference ,    and   they   are   doing   it   at   home ,  ”    Bailey   said .
We ’ ll   bounce   back …    It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
So ,    it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   didn ' t   know   how   much   these   guys   are   knocking .
Realistically ,    that ' s   what   you   need ,    I ' ve   had   a   cable   snap   on   a   ride   and   I   had   to   wait   for   a   bicycle   shop ,    because   it ' s   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   just   carry   with   you ,  "    Liu   said .
" That ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   didn ' t   even   realize   when   I   started   coaching   football .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   get   addicted   to   and   keep   growing ,    growing ,    growing   if   you   have   the   space .  "
IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   just   reacted .
IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   just   reacted .
Public   health   should   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   all   should   take   serious ,    whether   we   are   Republican ,    Democrat ,    black   or   white ,    rich   or   poor   because   this   virus   doesn ' t   discriminate   between   either   of   those .
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   in   life   that   you   think   would   never   happen ,  ”    Wartburg   baseball   coach   Joel   Holst   said .
" It ' s   kind   of   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   if   it   happens   we ' ll   have   to   get   around   it ,  "    he   said .
It ' s   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    what   works   best   for   us   under   the   circumstances ?
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   he   got   in   trouble   and   couldn ' t   recover .  "
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   pitch   competitively .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   pitch   competitively .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   get   in   the   mail   and   keep   it   in   my   locker   for   a   good   occasion ,  "    Kittle   said   after   the   first   practice   of   training   camp .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   and   I   know   everybody   is   ready   to   get   back   to   work ,  "    Toombs   said .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   too   where   once   I   did   it ,    I   was   like ,     ' Is   this   real ?  '
" It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   really   starting   to   annoy   me   now ,  "    Boyd   said .
Bridges   that   are   lower   than   your   truck   are   IDoneofthosethingsID .
But   it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    like   I   tweeted   it   a   week   or   so   back ,    this   is   a   simulation   of   retirement .
“ To   me ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I ’ m   really   glad   that   we   were   able   to   take   a   chance ,    and   get   this   company   off   the   ground   and   make   it   successful .
Reflecting   on   his   own   performance   in   the   first   Test ,    Anderson   said :     " It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    everyone   has   a   bad   game ,    every   now   and   then .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   filling   out   a   census   questionnaire   may   not   seem   like   a   big   deal ,    but   we   have   enough   other   things   on   our   minds   and   can ' t   afford   to   let   it   slip   through   the   cracks ,  "    Swedzinski   said .
Just   IDoneofthosethingsID   to   have   to   really   commend   his   preparation   and   the   coaches   for   teaching   that ,    knowing   what   to   do   in   that   situation .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   probably   aren ' t   going   to   do   you   any   good .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   it   hits   him   the   wrong   way ,    but   you   never   know   if   it   got   through .
" It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ’ t   bring   to   light ,    but   it ’ s   tough   when   you ’ ve   got   so   few ,    and    ( Brinson )    has   been   unable   to   practice   this   week ,  "    Smart   said .
Food   hygiene   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   don ' t   think   about   until   you   find   out   there   is   a   problem .
It   really   is   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    Mark ,    where   we ' re   all   in   it   together .  "
“ This   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   you   send   checks   you   can   jump - start   the   economy ,  "    said   Douglas   Holtz - Eakin ,    a   former   Congressional   Budget   Office   director   and   economic   adviser   to   Republicans .
In   conclusion ,    Rockwell   stated   that   AR   in   a   few   years   would   be    " IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   kind   of   can ' t   remember   living   without   it .  "
" It ' s   easy ,    it ' s   natural ,    fast    -  -    it ' s   a   remarkable   capability   in   our   modern   brain ,    except   there   are   a   few   things   it   doesn ' t   do   well ,    and   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   it   doesn ' t   relate   to   statistics ,    or   numbers ,    very   well .  "
When   we   got   there ,    we   were   shooting   and   someone   mentioned    “ Sometimes   we   sing .  ”    It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    the   luck   of   the   Irish   or   something .
And   we   know   that   the   children   growing   up   right   now ,    especially   right   now ,    need   some   sort   of   outlet   to   go   do   something   safely   outside   and   right   now   golf   is   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    in   my   opinion .  "
It   came   out   of   China ,    and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happened .
“ I   mean ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   talk   about   when   we   want   to   make   sure   that   we   know   who   the   vulnerable   people   are   and   not .
“ Enrichment   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   really   helps   keep   pet   and   pet   owner   together   and   it   really   helps   ward   off   any   unwanted   behavior ,  ”    she   adds .
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   get   addicted   to   and   keep   growing ,    growing ,    growing   if   you   have   the   space .  "
" And   it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you ' ve   got   to   keep   it   rolling .  "
But   just   with   everyday   regular   social   media ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   gives   me   so   much   anxiety .
By   the   end   of   Thursday ,    they   had   at   least   IDoneofthosethingsID    -  -    and   it   showed   the   rush   to   judgment   was   uncalled   for .
I   think   the   same   thing ;    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   obviously
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   gravitate   toward   artists   that   we   feel   like    .  .  .     ( you )    have   something   to   say .
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   gravitate   toward   artists   that   we   feel   like    .  .  .     ( you )    have   something   to   say .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   gravitate   toward   artists   that   we   feel   like    .  .  .     ( you )    have   something   to   say .
“ When   you   finally   feel   like   you ’ ve   got   a   place   you   feel   like   you   belong ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   has   been   very   disappointing .  ”
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ’ t   need   until   you   do   and   my   God ,    you   really .  .  .
So   it ' s   been   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ' s   been   out   in   the   universe ,    but   it   hasn ' t   quite   landed .
“ The   arts   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   very   important   to   us ,    and   we ’ ve   missed   so   much ,    so   we ’ ve   reimagined   how   we ’ re   going   to   experience   the   arts .  ”
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   when   you   have   things   hanging   over   you ,    it   takes   the   story   away   from   the   story   on   the   field ,  "    said   Jones ,    who   signed   a   three - year   contract   extension   with   Montreal   shortly   after   the   club ' s   playoff   ouster .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   a   balance   between   the   kids '    regular   studies   versus   how   much   we   are   implementing   this ,  "    he   said .
" it ' s   a   whole   little   dance   we   are   keeping   kids   going   in   one   direction   and   out   one   direction   at   all   times   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   have   to   do   to   keep   social   distance .  "
" This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   pretty   exciting ,    but   the   last
" It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   don ’ t   know   what   a   protest ,    you   don ’ t   know   what   a   march   feels   like   until   you ’ re   a   part   of   it .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   can   be   scary ,    it ’ s   one   of   those   things   right   now ,    you   see   so   many   people   on   TV   getting   injured   and   having   all   the   trouble   with   police ,    and   it   can   be   problematic   for   sure   if   it   gets   out   of   hand .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   believe   won ' t   happen   to   you .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    and   I   have   had   this   conversation   with   a   lot   of   my   old   teammates ,    that   it ' s   not   a   place   you   feel   welcomed .  "
“ In   the   end ,    it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it   just   worked   with   the   whistle .  ”     “ We   noticed   immediately   that   when   the   whistling   was   out   of   the   song ,    the   song   lost   something ,  ”    added   guitarist   Rudolf   Schenker .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   a   muscle   so   you   have   to   keep   flexing   it   or   it   goes   away ,  "    he   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   no   one   wants   to   talk   about   for   obvious   reasons ,    but   more   people   need   to   be   aware .  "
" I   was   never   asked   to   go   on   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
" I   was   never   asked   to   go   on   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
This   year   I   actually   volunteered   to   be   in   charge   of   it ,    at   least   for   our   shift ,    and   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   it   grew   and   grew   and   grew   and   grew   to   more   than   I   ever   could   have   imagined ,  ”    he   said .
“ I   think   this   will   probably   be   the   coolest   moment   for   us ,    just   because   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   dream   about ,    since   we   were   little ,    and   you   just   don ’ t   know    ( if   they ’ ll   come   true )  ,  ”    Tyus   said .
But   I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   are   completely   beholden   to   something   outside   your   own   skill   set .  "
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   are   completely   beholden   to   something   outside   your   own   skill   set .  "
Building   wealth   is   IDoneofthosethingsID !
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   obviously   can ’ t ,    so   for   us   to   complain   about   it   doesn ’ t   do   us   any   good .
When   you   look   up   there   and   see   nobody   but   friends   and   family ,    so   it ' s   unfortunate ,    it   was   kinda   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   was   kinda   looking   forward   to   but   it   is   what   it   is .  "
So   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ’ re   like ,     ‘ We ’ ll   see   in   time .  ’  ”
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   she ’ s   just   only   going   to   get   better   at   North   Texas ,  ”    said   Edinburg   Vela   head   softball   coach   Jon   Maples ,    who   coached   both   for   and   against   Truitt .
…    It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ' s   fun   to   me   just   because   it   keeps   me   on   my   toes .  "
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   have   to   keep   working   at   it .  "
Siphoning   the   beer   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   frustrates   even   experienced   brewers .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   have   to   ask   myself ,     ` Where   would   my   life   be   without   Jake   Burton ?  '  "
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   can ’ t   really   appreciate   something   until   it ’ s   taken   away   from   you ,  ”    says   John   Bell ,    president   of   the   Tampa   Theatre ,    a   1920s - era   movie   palace .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   talk   about   when   we   want   to   make   sure   that   we   know   who   the   vulnerable   people   are   and   not .  "
IoT ,    we   provide   effort   into   and   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   they   still   needed   to   be   four   or   five   pieces   to   really   finish   the   solution   up .
So ,    to   me   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID    -  -    dude ,     [ be ]    a   reciprocal   friend .  "
“ Horse - trading   at   its   finest ,  ”    said   Jeremy   Martin ,    vice   president   of   Energy   and   Sustainability   at   the   Institute   of   the   Americas ,    a   think - tank   located   at   the   University   of   California   San   Diego .  “ It ’ s   a   transactional   thing    .  .  .    To   be   fair ,    this   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,     ‘ OK ,    if   you   want   this   project ,    you   want   it   to   happen   in   Baja   and   Ensenada ,    what ’ s   in   it   for   the   people   of   Mexico   and   what   are   we   going   to   get   out   of   this ?  ’  ”
We   are   very   cautious   how   we   handle   things   and   it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happened   and   we   are   dealing   with   it .
We   are   very   cautious   how   we   handle   things   and   it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happened   and   we   are   dealing   with   it .
“ Keep   a   list   and   then   on   Mother ’ s   Day ,    make   a   point   to   do   each   IDoneofthosethingsID   before   she   has   a   chance   to   ask .  ”
I   think   it   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   all   feel   a   little   helpless   and   what   we   can   do   to   make   a   difference ,  "    said   Sew   to   Save   Founder   Lisa   Schneiderman ,
" I   don ' t   think   I ' ll   ever   forget   about   it ,    because   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   stays   in   your   memory   for   the   rest   of   your   life .
This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID …  .  . what   Kyrie   and   D - Howard   are   saying .
“ Literally ,    I   hate   talking   about   it   because   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ’ s   maybe   in   the   back   of   your   head .
“ If   nothing   happens   with   it ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  "    Trump   said .
It ' s   Apple ' s   latest ,    and   it ' s   really   good   at   a   lot   of   things    —    Machine   Learning   being   IDoneofthosethingsID   thanks   to   a   standalone   neural   engine   complete   with   its   own   microprocessor .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   have   to   be   prepared   for ,  "    Roberts   said .
That   move   cut   down   on   the   number   of   tests ,    but    “ unfortunately ,    this   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   the   horse   is   out   of   the   barn   already ,  ”    Flanigan   said .
" I   feel   like   this   is   really   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   he   just   gets   that   one   play   where   he   gets   going ,  "    Gase   said ,     " that   could   be   a   good   snowball   effect   for   him .  "
" Definitely   with   the   game   of   football ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happens ,  "    said   Onwenu .
Pumpkin   spice   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   either   love   or   hate .
“ As   part   of   our   limited   menu   we   took   somethings   off   our   menu   back   when   Covid   first   started   and   our   salads   are   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  ”    says   LaKecia   Veal ,    McDonalds   of   Metro   St .    Louis   PR .
" You   know   what ,    that ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    you   can ' t   be   attached   to   something   going   a   certain   way   because   if   you   really   want   something   to   happen ,    there ' s   that   equal   energy   of   being   afraid   that   it ' s   not   going   to   happen ,  "    Patrick   said   at   the   time .
" While   I   expect   a   baby   boom   in   nine - or - so   months ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   people   can   transmit   without   having   symptoms   or   knowing .
Safety   is   probably   not   the   goal   at   the   outset ,    but   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   gets   realized   almost   immediately ,    whether   you ' re   fishing   in   tropical   waters   like   the   Gulf   of   Mexico   or   in   the   cold   waters   of   Alaska ,  "    says   Fitzgerald .
TV   and   film   and   media   have   such   a   huge   impact   on   culture   and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   just   has   to   be   better ,    in   general ,  "    he   said .
I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID    …    every   country   is   coming   to   terms   with   their   form   of   racism   or   their   form   of   discrimination .
TV   and   film   and   media   have   such   a   huge   impact   on   culture   and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   just   has   to   be   better ,    in   general ,  "    he   said .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   wanted   to   get   into   the   shape   of   what   a   medieval   person   would   look   like   or   move   like .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   wanted   to   get   into   the   shape   of   what   a   medieval   person   would   look   like   or   move   like .
I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID    …    every   country   is   coming   to   terms   with   their   form   of   racism   or   their   form   of   discrimination .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   have   to   look   at   from   both   sides   of   the   spectrum .
Security   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   the   you   simply   cannot   fake   it   till   you   make   it ,    however ,    there   is   a   way   you   can   leverage   third - party   resources   to   get   the   work   done   right ,    while   you   decide   to   build   or   outsource .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   this   year    –    you   have   to   be    [ ready ]    at   the   last   second    [ on   a ]    Saturday   night ,    ready   to   make   changes   and   guys   have   to   be   ready   to   go .
Dibiah   was   gone ,    and   there   was   no   sign   of   the   10 - year - old   boy .  “ The   scene   here   and   some   of   the   images   that   are   going   to   be   depicted   are   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   will   stay   with   you   forever ,  ”    Mears   said . Earlier ,    Dibiah   had   asked   a   friend   for   some   luggage . On   Sunday   morning ,    according   to   the   probable   cause ,    he   is   seen   on   surveillance   video   loading   items   into   his   vehicle ,    and   he   threw   one   bag   into   a   community   dumpster . He   sent   a   text   message   to   a   person   identified   as   HK   that   said ,     “ Sometimes ,    I   hear   voices .
" It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   the   business   community   needs .  "
" It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   probably   haven ' t   reached   yet .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happen ,    and   you   put   it   behind   you   and   move   forward ,  "    Sardella   said .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   they   couldn ' t   find   enough   actors   that   could   skate ,    so   they   figured   that   they   would   kind   of   give   auditions   to   the   guys   that   the   characters   were   based   off   of ,  "    he   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   transcends   generations .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   they   couldn ' t   find   enough   actors   that   could   skate ,    so   they   figured   that   they   would   kind   of   give   auditions   to   the   guys   that   the   characters   were   based   off   of ,  "    he   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   transcends   generations .
The   health   of   your   family   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   can ' t   joke   with   and   thus   you   need   to   ensure   that   you   get   it   right   the   first   time .
" It ' s   a   little   bit   strange   but   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  "    he   told   reporters .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happen   in   golf .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happen   in   golf .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happen   in   golf .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ’ ve   put   in   more   time   in   the   last   six   weeks   that   you   never   could   have   gotten   done   unless   you   shut   down   any   other   time ,  "    Cory   said .
" That   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    you   know ,    it   was   in   the   script ,    but   then   when   she   and   I   would   do   these   scenes   together ,    I   think   we   both   wound   up   kind   of   having   fun   with   the   comedic   aspects   of   it .  "
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I ' d   sprained   my   brain   a   little   bit ,  "    she   said .
So ,    you   know ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ’ s   golf .
Kairi   taking   a   loss   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   has   to   happen   if   her   tag   team   partner ' s   got   a   title   match   coming   up   at   the   pay - per - view .
" I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ' s   a   necessity   in   a   school .  "
" I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ' s   a   necessity   in   a   school .  "
Unfortunately   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   no   matter   how   much   i   loved   what   i   was   doing   it   was   just   simply   becoming   toxic   to   my   mental   health   and   well - being   not   only   on   tour ,    but   while   at   home   as   well   and   taking   too   much   of   a   toll   on   my   overall   happiness   as   a   result .
" But   it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ' re   both   competitive ,  "    said   Haslem ,    the   Heat ' s   career   leader   in   rebounds .
It   came   out   of   China ,    and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happened .
“ The   digital   divide   has   reared   its   head   as   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   separates   communities   from   the   haves   and   the   have   nots   and   communities   of   color   largely   from   concentrated   poverty   areas   are   the   ones   who   are   most   at   risk ,    who   are   not   able   to   be   connected ,  ”    Sanders   said .
Having   a   Zoom   call   with   myself   is   weirdly   not   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" I ' m   just   so   career - focused   that   it   became   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ,    when   you ' re   chasing   a   dream   for   so   long ,    I   always   wondered ,     ' Am   I   going   to   get   around   to   it ?
Hiking ,    as   far   as   I   can   tell ,    is   definitely   IDoneofthosethingsID .
It ' s   something   that   is   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   in   football .
Isn ’ t   IDoneofthosethingsID   criticizing   the   president   and   saying   they ’ re   not   satisfied   by   his   explanation   for   his   decision ?
That   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   can   control .
“ I   think   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   they ’ re   going   to   regret   when   their   grandchildren   read   in   history   books   what   they   did ,  ”    Biden   said .
But   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   remember   where   you   were   and   what   you   were   doing   when   coach   Desko   had   an   outburst ,    and   you   didn ' t   want   to   see   that   again .
" Winning   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   a   confidence   thing ,  "    said   swingman   Joe   Harris   at   practice   Monday .
LEGO   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   never   go   out   of   favor .
“ This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   think   we   were   all   shocked   but   still   slightly   prepared   for   bad   news ,  ”    Holley   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   like ,    that   adversity   is   in   front   of   you .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   like ,    that   adversity   is   in   front   of   you .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   like ,    that   adversity   is   in   front   of   you .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   get   kind   of   in   the   field   training ,  "    said   Victoria   McCall ,    a   paramedic   with   Bay   County   EMS .
Similar   to   the   collision   deductible   coverage   you   might   consider   when   renting   a   vehicle ,    travel   insurance   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   can   be   tricky   because   you   very   well   might   need   it .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ’ s   like ,     ‘ That   adversity   is   in   front   of   you .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   like ,    that   adversity   is   in   front   of   you .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   like ,    that   adversity   is   in   front   of   you .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   like ,    that   adversity   is   in   front   of   you .
" You   could   say   isn ' t   it   crazy   how   everything ' s   changed   at   the   grocery   store   and   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   how   close   we   can   stand   together   and   I ' m   noticing    …     -  -    and   then   go   into   your   observations ,  "    says   Rourke .
“ I   think   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   some   of   us   are   just   ignorant   about   and   don ’ t   really   think   about   it   or   worry   about   it ,  ”    2017   Cup   champion   Martin   Truex   Jr .    said   Tuesday .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   liked    [ the ]    project ,    it   looked   like   a   great   idea   and   well   put - together .
“ Grocery   shopping   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   have   to   do .
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   has   been   in   Animal   Crossing   for   a   long   while   now ,    but   it   is   still   something   that   many   of   the   newer   folks   jumping   into   the   game   don ' t   know   about .
"  ( I ) t ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   get   out   there   and   hopefully   it   all   comes   back   to   me   really   quick ,  "    he   said .
" I   mean ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   talk   about   when   we   want   to   make   sure   that   we   know   who   the   vulnerable   people   are   and   not ,  "    he   said .
Dear   Dave ,    Life   insurance   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   always   said   I   would   get   around   to   buying   someday ,    but ,    for   various   reasons ,    I   just   haven ' t   done   it   yet .
Those   fans   definitely   notice   things   and   IDoneofthosethingsID   was   the   Frigidaire   Flair   oven   in   the   kitchen .
" I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   when   we   finally   get   past   this ,    when   we ' re   finally   done   and   vaccines   are   distributed ,    whatever   else   has   to   happen ,    I   think   everyone   is   gonna   need   a   really   good   break .  "
" So   I   think   for   me ,    it   was   just   kind   of   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   assured   me   that   the   fans   have   been   wanting   it ,    and   then   figuring   out ,    is   it   doable ?
" So   I   don ' t   know   it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it   was   presented ,    and   it   was   a   no - brainer .
That   rivalry   is   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   the   second   that   we   make   contact ,    it   was   just   obvious   that   it   was   going   to   be   a   real   significant   rivalry .
" He ' s   a   guy   that   exceeded   expectations ,    and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   if   everybody   knew   he   was   going   to   be   like   this ,    he   would ' ve   been   a   first   rounder   or   a   second   rounder .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   was   like   waiting   to   get   sick   because   you   know   you   have   it ,    but   for   me   it   was   very   mild   and   obviously   I ' m   very   thankful   for   that .  ”
It   turns   out   catalogs   are   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   either   love   or   hate .
LEWIS   MOODY :    Concussion   was   seen   as   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   could   shake   off   in   rugby .  .  .    if   we   can   learn   from .  .  .
LEWIS   MOODY :    Concussion   was   seen   as   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   could   shake   off   in   rugby .  .  .    if   we   can   learn   from   the   NFL   and   reduce   contact   in   training   it   could   make   the   difference
" But ,  "    he   added ,     " it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ As   an   actor ,    you   go   on   so   many   auditions ,    but   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you ' re   just   like ,     ‘ Oh   God ,    it   would   be   so   awesome   to   get   this .  ’    But   then   I   read   the   scene   and   it   was   one   of   those    —    and   I ' ve   only   had   this   happen   a   couple   of   times ,    maybe   with   Gretchen   Wieners    —    where   I   read   the   scene   and   it   was   almost   I   was   memorized   already ,  ”    Park   says .
" As   an   actor ,    you   go   on   so   many   auditions ,    but   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you ' re   just   like ,     ' Oh   God ,    it   would   be   so   awesome   to   get   this .  '
" That   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    you   know ,    it   was   in   the   script ,    but   then   when   she   and   I   would   do   these   scenes   together ,    I   think   we   both   wound   up   kind   of   having   fun   with   the   comedic   aspects   of   it .  "
But   football   wasn ' t   my   first   love   and   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   kind   of   fell   into   my   lap .  "
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   don ' t   often   see   where   the   same   people   show   up   every   year ,  ”    Cash   said   in   an   interview .
" I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   doesn ' t   happen   very   often ,    and   I ' m   humbled   by   it .
“ Don ’ t   know   who   it   will   be   right   now ,    but   you   never   know ,    maybe   it   becomes   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   whoever ’ s   the   bat   boy   that   day ,    the   next   day ,    he   comes   out   and   crushes .
" Don ' t   know   who   it   will   be   right   now ,    but   you   never   know ,    maybe   it   becomes   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   whoever ' s   the   bat   boy   that   day ,    the   next   day ,    he   comes   out   and   crushes .
But   like   you   can   imagine ,    not   great   to   catch   a   puck   with   that    .  .  .    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ’ ll   linger   a   little   bit .
“ Treat   everyone   as   though   you   have   COVID - 19 ,    because   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   may   inform   your   behavior   to   respect   and   love   your   neighbor ,  ”    Moran   said .
Maine ' s   free   throw   percentage   has   steadily   improved   over   the   last   four   seasons ,    from   66   percent   in   2016 - 17   to   76   percent   last   season ,    so   let ' s   call   Thursday ' s   struggles   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" I ' m   blessed   to   have   a   job    …    but   i   do   feel   like   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   afforded   to   those   who   have   means ,  "    she   added .
" It ' s   sad ,    but   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   you   want   to   avoid   the   ICU   for   Christmas ,    you   may   have   to   give   up   Thanksgiving ,  "    she   said .
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   going   to   be   really   hard   for   people   to   catch   up ,  "    Misty   Goodwin ,    social   service   director ,    CAC ,    said .
As   Metz   explains ,    Kate ' s   bond   with   Kevin   is   tight    " because   they ' re   twins   and   they   literally   shared   a   womb   together    -  -    not   that   Madison   isn ' t   a   great   friend    -  -    but   I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   can   get   mad   at   family   and   know   that   they   love   you   and   you   still   love   them .
So   it ' s   been   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ' s   been   out   in   the   universe ,    but   it   hasn ' t   quite   landed .
" It ' s   been   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   has   personally   always   puzzled   me .  "
" But   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   one   of   the   reasons   I   did   it   was   because   I ' ve   really   loved   and   enjoyed   playing   here ,    and   the   other   is   you   never   know   what ' s   going   to   happen   in   the   future .
“ But   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   one   of   the   reasons   I   did   it   was   because   I ’ ve   really   loved   and   enjoyed   playing   here ,    and   the   other   is   you   never   know   what ’ s   going   to   happen   in   the   future .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   get   addicted   to   and   keep   growing ,    growing ,    growing   if   you   have   the   space .  "
But   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    you   do   what   you   got   to   do ,    so   the   kids   and   the   parents   can   get   Wi - Fi ,  "    said   Dr .    Noel   Schmidt ,    superintendent   of   Virginia   Minnesota   Public   Schools .
And   time   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   can ’ t   take   back   when   you   are   trying   to   prevent   and   you   know   do   these   contact   tracing   investigations .  ”
He   may   or   may   not   have   taken   the   red   pill   long   ago ,    it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   might   not   know   that .
And   this   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   need   people   to   come   in   and   we   need   to   do   management   presentations .
" Music   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   can   use   as   a   stress   reliever ,    and   sometimes   we   need   to   escape   for   a   little   bit   for   just   a   little   while   when   things   are   tough ,  "    he   said .
" I   don ' t   think   I ' ll   ever   forget   about   it ,    because   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   stays   in   your   memory   for   the   rest   of   your   life .
" It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    I   think   there   was   like   an   authenticator   or   something   out   there .
" When   you ' re   12   it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   guess ,  "    an   89 - year - old   Mr   Phelps   said   from   his   Yamba   home .
" I   have ,    in   the   past ,    suffered   with   food   addiction ,    which   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   can ' t   escape .
I   definitely   agree   with   VR   and   AR ,    I   think   that   VR ,    particularly ,    is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   can   see   growing .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happen   in   golf .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happen   in   golf .
" They   would   help   us   a   lot   right   now ,    but   we ' ve   just   got   to   keep   pressing   forward ,    and   you   know   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ' ve   just   got   to   get   with   the   guys   we   got   and   try   to   score   and   try   to   stop   teams .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   feel   like   an   8 - year - old   in   pop   warner   getting   ready   to   play   your   first   game   again .  ”
It   is   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
" Honestly ,    it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   to   me   now .
" Honestly ,    it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   to   me   now .
In   a   press   conference ,    Musk   also   highlighted   how   this   success   was    ' IDoneofthosethingsID   that ’ s   universally   good ,    no   matter   where   you   are   on   planet   Earth '  . Trump   also   congratulated   the   whole   team   on   the   success   of   the   two   month - long   mission
Until   another   IDoneofthosethingsID   comes   back ,    and   I   think   they   will .
“ Grief   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   really   takes   all   of   our   attention   and   kind   of   hijacks   our   life   for   a   period   of   time ,  ”    Shear   says .
But   that ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   think   about   too   much .  ”
It   came   out   of   China ,    and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happened .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   makes   you   glad   to   wake   up   in   the   morning .  "
“ It ’ s   really   IDoneofthosethingsID   completely   out   of   our   control ,    so   I   don ’ t   spend   a   lot   of   time   thinking   about   it .
Dear   Dave ,    Life   insurance   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   always   said   I   would   get   around   to   buying   someday ,    but ,    for   various   reasons ,    I   just   haven ' t   done   it   yet .
“ IDoneofthosethingsID   is   being   gay   or   touching   or   kissing   another   boy .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  "    said   Stubbs .
“ It   wasn ’ t   necessarily   something   that   I   figured   would   happen ;    I   think   it   was   just   kind   of   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    man .
" It   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   should   be   put   off ,  "    she   noted .
“ It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   just   needed   that ,    someone   who   was   going   to   make   you   laugh   and   get   you   through   it ,    and   I   definitely   have   that   in   my   family .  ”
“ It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   just   needed   that ,    someone   who   was   going   to   make   you   laugh   and   get   you   through   it ,    and   I   definitely   have   that   in   my   family .  ”
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we ’ re   really   passionate   about    —    helping   the   community    —    and   in   this   time   of   need   and   the   Red   Cross   needs   blood ,    it ’ s   the   right   thing   to   do   and   we ’ re   here   to   assist   whenever   we   can   help   save   lives .  ”
“ At   this   point   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   it   all   of   a   sudden   came   off   May   30 ,    and   we   could   do   it   in   two   weeks   then   we ’ d   try   to   do   something   pretty   quickly .  ”
" I   grew   up   here   and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   don ' t   remember   seeing   as   a   kid   and   now   they   are   starting   to   make   a   come   back ,  "    he   said .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    too ,    I   was   like   waiting   to   get   sick   because   you   know   you   have   it ,    and   you ' re   sitting   there .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID    -  -    you   want   to   play .
And   honestly   it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   really   had   a   talk   with   my   wife   and   I   was   saying ,    what   do   you   think   should   happen   after   that   cut ?
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   always   see   and   hear   about   on   the   news ,    someone   being   involved   in   a   road   rage   incident   or   something   like   that ,    but   you   never   really   think   it   will   happen   to   you ,  ”    she   said .
I   think   this   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   our   committee   came   up   with   that   we   wanted   to   help .  "
“ Swimming   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   can ’ t   really   train   unless   you ’ re   in   the   water   and   unfortunately   we ’ re   not   going   to   be   in   the   water   for   probably   another   three   weeks ,    minimum ,  ”    Peaty   told   BBC   Radio   Five   Live .
Sterling   recently   told   AS   when   quizzed   on   Real ’ s   supposed   interest   in   him :     “ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID …    Right   now   I ’ m   at   City   and   I ’ m   really   happy .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   has   such   a   low   probability   of   occurring   that   it   kind   of   shocks   people   when   it   does .  ”
" Yeah   it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ A   salary   is   made   up   of   a   bunch   of   things ,    and   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   an   allowance   for   living   and   working   in   an   expensive   location ,    which   is   not   tied   to   performance   or   role ,  ”    another   wrote .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   only   time   and   rehabilitation   will    [ tell ]  …    and   God ,    really .  "
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   start   to   look   around   you   and   take   advantage   of   every   single   day ,    especially   with   things   happening   in   the   news .
" They   would   help   us   a   lot   right   now ,    but   we ' ve   just   got   to   keep   pressing   forward ,    and   you   know   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ' ve   just   got   to   get   with   the   guys   we   got   and   try   to   score   and   try   to   stop   teams .
“ So ,    you   don ’ t   really   have   an   option .  ” A   recent   survey   done   by   the   National   Association   of   Relators ,    discovered   the   market   has   been   affected   over   virus   concerns -  -    but   probably   not   as   much   as   you   would   think . About   9 %    of   realtors   said   last   week   that   concerns   have   caused   people   not   to   list   their   homes . And ,    only   13 %    of   realtors   said   they ’ ve   seen   buyer   interest   go   down . Wade   Clark   says   he ’ s   been   trying   to   buy   a   house   for   a   few   months .  “ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   need   to   move   anyway .
Those   would   be   the   types   of   spin - ups   that   really   can ' t   be   warned   on   ahead   of   time .  .  . just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" That ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   were   all   surprised   and   all   got   a   kick   out   of ,    is   just   seeing   what   outfit   your   friend   has   on ,    just   like   a   regular   festival ,  "    McGuire   said .
" Terry   was   absolutely   incredible   with   all   the   things   she   did   that   were   outside   of   her   job   description   and   she   did   every   IDoneofthosethingsID   for   the   same   reason :    she   did   it   for   the   kids .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   don ' t   expect .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   fell   in   love   with   the   character .
“ It ’ s   kind   of   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    people   say ,     ‘ Oh ,    we ’ re   waiting   until   we ’ re   ready   to   have   kids .  ’    You ’ re   never   going   to   be   ready .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   talk   about   when   we   want   to   make   sure   that   we   know   who   the   vulnerable   people   are   and   not .  "
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    if   I   win   the   fight   and   he   goes   to   the   hospital ,    I ' ll   go   see   him   for   in   the   hospital ,    but   for   those   15   minutes ,    there ' s   no   love   lost .  "
“ If   nothing   happens   with   it ,  ”    Trump   said   with   a   shrug   of   his   shoulders ,     “ it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
But ,    as   you   know ,    with   any   form   of   physical   activity ,    closeness   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   have   to   have .
I   guess   its   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   companies   are   more   driven   by   the   5G   browsing   experience   than   the   speed   of   the   actual   device ,    though   for   the   average   user ,    the   difference   will   likely   be   negligible .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   buy   that   requires   a   lot   of   trust ,  "    he   said .
This   is   always   IDoneofthosethingsID   everyone   knows   they   need   to   do ,    but   we   all   forget   at   some   point .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   wish   we   could   go ,    but   it   is   what   it   is .  "
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   just   love   what   North   Platte   does   for   our   program ,  ”    Doughty   said .
'  ' It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
As   we   all   know ,    there   are   some   things   you   just   can ’ t   outrun ,    and   this   was   IDoneofthosethingsID .
But ,    that ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   might   make   a   bigger   difference   elsewhere .
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   shows   you   how   hungry   guys   are ,  ”    running   back   Raheem   Mostert   said .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ’ s ,    like ,    we   are   investing   a   ton   in   things   that   will   compel   them   because   they   have   something   unique   to   bring   to   their   surgeons   and   so   where   we   have   seen   a   lot   of   activity   is   a   lot   of   the   big   company   guys   that   I   can   really   think   some   of   the   bigger   companies   are   bored   with   this   business .
“ Son ,    you   heard   the   order ?  ”    Leadership   is   another   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ’ t   miss   until   it ’ s   gone .
IDoneofthosethingsID   we   do   know   is   that   social   distancing   and   staying   home   is   saving   lives … and   that   is   the   most   important   piece   of   knowledge   we   can   hold   onto   at   this   time ,  "    David   Kilmnick ,    President / CEO   of   the   LGBT   Network ,    which   organizes   the   parade ,    said   in   a   statement .
For   Anjelika ,    IDoneofthosethingsID   is   watching   comedies .
" Although   the   crowd   is   an   aspect   we   can   sort   out   later ,    I   think   it   will   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ' t   realise   how   much   you   need   until   it ' s   gone .
" Although   the   crowd   is   an   aspect   we   can   sort   out   later ,    I   think   it   will   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ' t   realise   how   much   you   need   until   it ' s   gone .
“ I   think   it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
IDoneofthosethingsID   was   volunteering   at   The   Peaks .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   it   were   to   happen   it   would   be   amazing .
" Thankfully ,    I   was   fortunate   enough   to   see   one   or   two   guys   in   the   past   attempt   something   like   that   on   him ,    so   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   know   he   has   that   long   pause   when   it   comes   to   his   stretch ,  "    Muncy   said .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   was   obviously   bound   to   end .  "
…    It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   want   to   remember   for   a   long   time .  ”
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   hate   to   see   happen .
But   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   for   us ,    wherever ,    whenever   we   better   come   to   play .
We ' re   going   to   all   be   adapting   to   a   different   lifestyle   moving   forward ,    and   I   think   this   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   can   make   it   an   easier   transition   for   consumers   and   employees   and   all   different   areas   for   allowing   us   to   get   back   into   some   type   of   new   norm .  "
It ' s   also   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   were   expecting   in   yesterday ' s   event ,    and   nothing   happened .
Well ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
The   only   difference   is   that   our   society   is   configured   to   see   IDoneofthosethingsID   as   perfectly   normal ,    and   the   other   as   pathology .  "
“  ( I   replied )  ,     ‘ I ’ m   good   to   go .  ’    It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   there   was   just   a   little   bit   of   tightness ,    but   I   thought   it   would   be   just   fine .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    I   think   I   can   go   out   there   and   get   outs .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
The   boozy   version ,    he   said ,     “ is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ’ s   so   fun   because   there ’ s   still   a   slight   level   of   sophistication   while   being   completely   comfortable   and   nostalgic .
They   knew   I   was   a   successful   person   when   I   got   elected ,    so   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID .  ”
“ Timing   is   never   good   to   lose   a   parent   but   he   is   probably   in   a   better   place   now   because   he   hadn ’ t   been   well   for   a   long   time   so   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   have   to   deal   with .  ”
" Without   a   lot   of   events   and   things   like   that   to   grab   attention   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   has   been   beneficial   for   the   golf   business ,    a   little   shot   in   the   arm .  "
“ It ’ s   a   little   bit   strange   but   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  ”    he   told   reporters   as   he   hosted   Texas   Gov .
Maybe   it   will   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   won ’ t   be   resurrected   when   life   returns   to   normal .
I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    it ' s   always   trying   to   create   that   environment .
" It ' s   just   another   IDoneofthosethingsID   COVID   throws   at   you   that   you ' ve   got   to   roll   with .  "
You ’ ll   want   to   do   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    because   getting   up   close   and   personal   with   fossilized   Iguanodon   footprints   is   pretty   neat .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   learn   about .
" It   becomes   IDoneofthosethingsID   through   the   pandemic   that   will   translate   to   long - term   benefits .  "
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I ’ m   always   going   to   be   my   worst   critic ,  ”    Dalton   said .
" Domestic   violence   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   crosses   every   social   economic   line ,    racial   line   and   gender   line .
Golf   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   always   feel   like   you   can   do   better ,    but   I ’ m   pretty   satisfied   with   where   I   am   right   now    .
" I   suppose   it   was   the   sporting   world   meeting   her   world    …    It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   just   collided ,  "    Warne   said   on   the   program .
“ The   only   thing   that   would   force   a   reduction   in   force   is   if   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   didn ’ t   expect   happened    —    like   the   state   would   reduce   our   evidence - based   funding   by   10 %    or   the   federal   government   would   eliminate   a   grant ,    like   a   title   grant ,  ”    Webb   said .
“ Unfortunately   Van   Dijk   is   out   for   a   long   time   now ,    but   it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happen   in   football   sometimes .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ' re   always   expanding   our   product   lines   as   well .
And   honestly   it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   really   had   a   talk   with   my   wife   and   I   was   saying ,    what   do   you   think   should   happen   after   that   cut ?
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   got   missed .
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I ' m   trying   to   make   a   play ,  ”    Hill   said .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ I   don ’ t   think   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   can   really   be   processed ,  ”    said   head   coach   Steve   Kerr   said ,    who   has   avoided   reading   the   columns   and   watching   the   tribute   videos .
“ IDoneofthosethingsID   you   can ’ t   believe .  ”
“ What   made   me   want   to   write   this   story   was   taking   something   that   we   do   know ,    Marie   Curie ,    and   somethings   that   we   don ’ t   know ,  ”    Gunderson   said   during   an   interview   with   Ira   Flato   on   his   podcast    “ Science   Friday .  ”     “ IDoneofthosethingsID   was   a   person ,    Hertha   Ayrton ,    her   great   friend ,    an   incredible   engineer   and   suffragist .
Or   any   color   there   would   be   appreciated   if   just    -  -    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   maybe   not   this   quarter   or   now ,    but   as   we   kind   of   get   more   comfortable   with   living   with   the   coronavirus   that   sales   just   kind   of   ultimately   gets   back   to   a   normalized   place   regardless   of   what   the   environment   might   be   like ?
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    when   you   see   the   schedule   and   then   see   we ’ re   playing   Duke   it ’ s   like ,     ‘ Oh   wow !  ’  ”    said   the   Statesville   native .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ,    at   the   end   of   the   night ,    brings   me   happiness .
“ Fishing   is   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   think   she   will   enjoy   and   she   is   definitely   looking   forward   to   it   as   whenever   I   bring   it   up   she   goes   quite   giddy .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    it ’ s   the   best   you   can   do   given   the   circumstances .
“ It   is   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   have   been   that   way   for   millennium   times .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   wouldn ' t   think   would   make   much   difference ,    but   not   having   to   bend   to   see   the   needle   doesn ' t   half   save   you   stooping   over .
" Swimming   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   can ' t   really   train   unless   you ' re   in   the   water   and   unfortunately   we ' re   not   going   to   be   in   the   water   for   probably   another   three   weeks ,    minimum ,  "    Peaty   told   BBC   Radio .
well   atleast   IDoneofthosethingsID   will   be   real
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   all   get   in   the   groove ,    we ' re   just   going   to   keep   it   going ,    and   that ' s   what   we   did ,  "    Mostert   said   in   a   post - game   interview .
" We   were   missing   so   many   things   that   day   with   COVID - 19 ,    but   that   ride   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   I ' ll   never   forget ,  "    said   Sturtevant .
" This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   just   wanted   to   take   the   next   step .
“ Overdoses   are   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    risks   that   are   very   hard   to   mitigate   in   a   tent   city ,  ”    said   Mackie .
" I   know   a   few   of   the   ladies   on   this   screen   are   victims   of   abuse ,    if   its   verbal   or   physical   or   mental   but   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   definitely   saw   signs   before ,  "    she   continued .
" We   don ' t   have   a   choice   now ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   has   to   be   done ,  "    Democratic   Sen .    Joe   Manchin   of   West   Virginia   said   on   NBC ' s    " Meet   the   Press .  "
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" You   could   say   isn ' t   it   crazy   how   everything ' s   changed   at   the   grocery   store   and   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   how   close   we   can   stand   together   and   I ' m   noticing    …     -  -    and   then   go   into   your   observations ,  "    says   Rourke .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   pitch   competitively .
It   was   a   neat   project ,    and   it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   would   have   never   thought   we ’ d   be   making   something   like   that   here ,    but   we   were   glad   to   be   a   part   of   it ,  ”    Widener   said .
That ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   might   not   realize   how   essential   it   is   until   it ' s   gone .  ”
“ You   have   to   be   selected   by   our   agency   head ,    and   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   only   a   handful   of   people   get   to   do ,  ”    he   said .
“ It ' s   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,     ' We ' ve   been   here   or   we ' ve   won   championships   and   we   have   our   thing   and   you   guys   got   to   figure   it   out   along   the   way .  '
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   they   have   a   couple   of   pretty   good   players ,    and   they   just   made   plays .  "
This   is   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   the   fallout   from   this   isn ' t   good   for   the   game ,    and   that ' s   a   shame .  ”
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   feel   like   there ' s   a   subtle   war   against   milk ,  "    Winovich   said   Tuesday .
The   USPS   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   Trump   were   a   more   cunning   politician ,    he   might   have   maintained   plausible   deniability   and   gotten   away   with   causing   real   problems   for   Democrats   around   the   margin .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   have   to   get   over   as   soon   as   you   can   and   move   on ,  "    Solskjaer   said .
" Don ' t   you   think   that   it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   people   think ,     ' Well   that   seems   kind   of   sleazy .
" And   IDoneofthosethingsID   may   be   opioid - induced   hyperalgesia .  "
" It ' s   just ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   don ' t   know   how   you ' re   going   to   react   until   we   get   on   the   field ,  "    Heath   said .
" With   NICU   nursing ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   either   you   get   it   or   you   don ' t ,  "    said   Katy   DiBernardo ,    a   20 - year   veteran   of   the   unit .
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   hate   to   see   happen .
" Social   media   gives   cowards   the   right   to   say   whatever   they   want   with   no   consequences ,    so   I   guess   that ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   with   the   profession   that   we ' re   in ,    you ' ve   got   to   take   it   for   what   it   is ,    don ' t   let   it   affect   you ,  "    the   third - year   receiver   said   as   reported   by   ESPN .
" It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    maybe   a   little   lapse   in   concentration   every   now   and   then .
" It   wasn ' t   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   like ,     ' How   dare   you ?  '  "
Just   IDoneofthosethingsID    –    written   by   Cole   Porter    ( 1935 )
Dear   Dave ,    Life   insurance   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   always   said   I   would   get   around   to   buying   someday ,    but ,    for   various   reasons ,    I   just   haven ' t   done   it   yet .
That ' s   the   extension   of   that   thought   is   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   puts   pressure   on   marginal   capacity .
" It ' s   something   I   regret ,    of   course   it   is ,    it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   didn ' t   think   it   through   and   if   I   could   go   back   I   probably   wouldn ' t   have   done   it .
She   may   be   young ,    but   Ashlee   is   already   thinking   about   what   she   wants   to   do   in   the   future ;    IDoneofthosethingsID   is   releasing   a   book .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   hey ,    once   we   all   get   in   a   groove ,    we ’ re   just   going   to   keep   it   riding ,    keep   it   going   and   that ’ s   what   we   did .  ”
I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   an   opportunity ,    and   I   think   it ' s   great   that   Zack    [ Snyder ]    has   an   opportunity   to   finally   release   his   vision   of    [    Justice   Leagu   e ]    and   I   think   that ' s   really   important   for   a   storyteller   and   a   filmmaker .
“ This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    can   you   imagine    …    a   city   government   trying   to   figure   this   out ?
“ I   love   Spurs ,    I ’ ve   always   loved   Spurs ,    but   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   just   needed   that ,    someone   who   was   going   to   make   you   laugh   and   get   you   through   it ,    and   I   definitely   have   that   in   my   family .  ”
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   just   needed   that ,    someone   who   was   going   to   make   you   laugh   and   get   you   through   it ,    and   I   definitely   have   that   in   my   family .  ”
And   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   that   once   again   the   show   will   see   an   exciting   batch   of   excellent   amateur   bakers    –    with   this   year ’ s   line - up   of   Great   British   Bake   Off   contestants   now   having   been   released .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID …    I   wasn ' t   sure   because   I   love   Steve   Martin   and   I   grew   up   with   his   humor ,    and   I   he ' s   brilliant .
" And   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   felt   like   I   had   a   10 - pound   vest   on   and   I   could   take   it   off   when   my   name   got   called .  "
“ The   gambling   addiction   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happened .
So   any   day   I   could   be   doing   any   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It   is   a   blow   for   the   lads   as   well   but   unfortunately   the   results   have   come   back   and   it   is   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   the   harder   I   try   or   the   more   that   I   look   at   it ,    I   feel   like   it ’ s   messing   with   my   head   a   little   bit ,  ”    he   said .
“ So   this   one   will   not   be   ignored   and   treated   as   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" So   this   one   will   not   be   ignored   and   treated   as   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    who   cares   about   anybody   else "  ,    Ryan   said   via   AJC .
IDoneofthosethingsID   is   increasing   the   number   of   stores   that   we   had   open   expanding   drive - through   performance   and   actually   bringing   efficiency   to   the   drive - throughs   so   that   we   had   better   out   the   window   performance   and   putting   practices   and   efficiencies   and   work   into   place   in   terms   of   labor   deployment   in   those   stores .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   start   to   look   around   you   and   take   advantage   of   every   single   day ,    especially   with   things   happening   in   the   news .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   start   to   look   around   you   and   take   advantage   of   every   single   day ,    especially   with   things   happening   in   the   news .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   start   to   look   around   you   and   take   advantage   of   every   single   day ,    especially   with   things   happening   in   the   news .
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   start   to   look   around   you   and   take   advantage   of   every   single   day ,    especially   with   things   happening   in   the   news .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   start   to   look   around   you   and   take   advantage   of   every   single   day ,    especially   with   things   happening   in   the   news .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   start   to   look   around   you   and   take   advantage   of   every   single   day ,    especially   with   things   happening   in   the   news .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   start   to   look   around   you   and   take   advantage   of   every   single   day ,    especially   with   things   happening   in   the   news .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   really   start   to   look   around   you   and   take   advantage   of   every   single   day ,    especially   with   things   happening   in   the   news .
I   couldn ' t   even   tell   you   what   IDoneofthosethingsID   do ,    but   then   assign   them   to   the   same   button ?
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   don ' t   often   see   where   the   same   people   show   up   every   year ,  ”    Cash   said   in   an   interview .
You ' re   just   hoping   that   this   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   of   we ' re   either   not   hardened   up   enough ,    just   because   we ' ve   played   two   games   and   didn ' t   have   a   preseason .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   don ' t   often   see   where   the   same   people   show   up   every   year ,  "    Cash   said   in   an   interview .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID    -  -    you   can   see   why   he   blossomed ,  "    Drevno   said .
It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .  ”
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   able - bodied   people   think   is   unnecessary   because   they   don ' t   even   notice   it .  '
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   has   unfortunately   happened   and   happened   to   me .  "
We ' ve   known   that   for   a   long   time …    It ' s   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   feel   like   we   have   to ,    but   at   the   same   time   we   want   to   win   just   as   much   as   anybody   else ,    so   if   there ' s   a   player   that   makes   sense   or   a   deal   that   makes   sense ,    we ' ll   go   after   it .  ”
Spinach   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   either   love   or   hate ,    but   there ’ s   no   denying   that   it ’ s   good   for   you .
" I   think   that   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   talked   about   with   our   team   is   you   have   to   find   that   belief   and   you   have   to   find   that   confidence   within   yourself ,  "    he   said .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    man ,  "    Pirates   relief   pitcher   Chris   Stratton   told   the   club ' s   official   website .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   just   being   asked   to   be   part   of   her   record ,    and   especially   such   a   great   song   like   this ,    is   just   amazing ,  "    Darius   says .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   said ,     ‘ Well ,    you   know ,    it ' s   odd ,  ’  ”    Ragan   recalled   in   an   interview .
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   at   this   point ,  "    said   Wisniewski .
IDoneofthosethingsID   is   voicing   your   loudest ,    rudest ,    most   negative   opinions   about   everything   from   airlines    ( thanks   Twitter !  )
Backing   up   your   data   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   know   you ’ re   supposed   to   do ,    but   you   don ’ t   do   nearly   enough    -  -    or   worse ,    you   don ’ t   do   at   all .
“ I   think   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   there ’ s   uncertainty   at   this   time .
And   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   that   I   want   to   be   healthy ,    and   I   don ' t   want   to   go   on   a   diet .
That   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   can   control .
Safety   isn ' t   IDoneofthosethingsID ;    and   that ' s   the   whole   reason   I   rarely   bring   visitors   there ,    or   don ' t   go   too   often .
“ It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   can ’ t   do   it   if   you   don ’ t   cater   to   all   of   the   elements   of   it .
" I   think   it   is   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   people   may   not   be   aware   of ,    that   you   get   this   specialized   plan   of   care   that   is   formed   by   this   group   of   physicians .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   had   a   hole   in   my   soul   that   I   didn ' t   know   needed   to   be   filled ,  "    she   explained .
“ Our   community   has   been   so   good   to   us   as   a   business   that   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   we   can   give   back ,    we   do ,  ”    Schildknecht   said .
" This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   just   started   to   be   just   a   little   feature .
So   this   is   related   to   the   customs   audit   that ' s   going   under   way   in   Germany   in   particular ,    and   so   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ' ve   booked   some   estimated   amounts   for   the   prior   year   customs   payments   associated   with   that .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   have   to   dig   yourself   out   of   it ,    and   I   thought   we   challenged   ourselves ,  ”    Miller   said .
“ Don ’ t   know   who   it   will   be   right   now ,    but   you   never   know ,    maybe   it   becomes   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   whoever ’ s   the   bat   boy   that   day ,    the   next   day ,    he   comes   out   and   crushes .
Wase   told   Kalu   that   he   should   see   his   conviction   and   jail   term   as    “ IDoneofthosethingsID ”  ,    and   that   such   an   experience   is   a   badge   of   honour   for   politicians .
As   a   politician ,    I   want   you   to   take   it   as   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  ”    he   said .
Your   Conviction   is   IDoneofthosethingsID '  ,    Deputy   Speaker   Tells   Orji   Kalu   During   Solidarity   Visit    -    SIGNAL
Your   Conviction   is   IDoneofthosethingsID '  ,    Deputy   Speaker   Tells   Orji   Kalu   During   Solidarity   Visit
Depending   on   which   cable   news   host   or   politician   you   listen   to ,    it   could   mean   either   IDoneofthosethingsID    —    or   something   entirely   different .
If   it   happens   twice ,    shame   on   you ,  '    but   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   he ' s   got   to   wrap   the   ball   around   it ,    he ' s   got   to   throw   it   away ,    he ' s   got   to   get   another   opportunity .  "
So   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   want   to   make   sure .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    because   of   this   long   runway   that   we   have   of   an   offseason   for   at   least   the   Warriors   and   Kevon ,    there ' s   no   need   to   push   it .  ”
So ,    I   mean   this   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   we ' re   looking   at .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   are   going   to   be   questionable   for   sure ,  "    Lions   linebacker   Jarrad   Davis   said .
“ It ’ s   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   it ’ s   going   to   add   some   different   aspects   to   the   game ,  ”    Murphy   said .
" It ' s   a   little   bit   strange ,    but   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  "    Trump   said   when   asked   whether   the   incident   spooked   him .
“ For   me ,    it ’ s   always   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   want   to   go   out   and   help   the   team   compete   the   best   they   can ,  ”    Alexander   said .
So   I   really   hope   that   that ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   will   continue .
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
“ That ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ’ re   going   to   adjust   on   the   fly   as   soon   as   we   find   out   more   information .  ”
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   there   was   not   much   we   could   do   about   it .
Having   a   clean ,    potable   supply   of   water   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   only   take   for   granted   until   it   runs   out .
It   was   a   throwaway   line   in   his   rally   speech   in   Tulsa    –    IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   suggest   something   absurd   in   order   to   make   a   more   serious   point   about   why   you ’ re   doing   the   things   you ’ re   doing .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   never   know   what   our   path   is   going   to   be .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    but   the   important   thing   is   the   team   result ,  ”    said   the   Canadian .
“ This   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   you   send   checks   you   can   jump - start   the   economy ,  "    said   Douglas   Holtz - Eakin ,    a   former   Congressional   Budget   Office   director   and   economic   adviser   to   Republicans .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   shows   you   how   hungry   guys   are ,  "    running   back   Raheem   Mostert   said .
They   knew   I   was   a   successful   person   when   I   got   elected ,    so   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   have   felt   like   is   very   important   for   the   community ,  "  " she   said .
I   think   we ’ ve   come   to   rely   on   our   first   responders   for   a   lot   of   things ,    and   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   mental   health ,  ”    Salazar   told   a   news   conference .
It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   a   short - term   decision   could   have   long - term   impacts ,  "    she   said .
" Well   I   mean ,    it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   when   it   was   like ,    look    –    I   mean ,    my   basketball   story   is   an   interesting   one   and   my   dad   obviously   didn ’ t   want   me   stop   playing   because   I   was   a   high   level   basketball   player ;    just   kind   of   got   my   career   cut   short   due   to   injuries .
But   you   know ,    it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ’ s   like ,     ‘ Look .
So ,    it   was   like   kind   of   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   have   all   this   time   to   kill .
It ’ s   like   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   played   it   in   real   life   and   go   home   and   played   it   in   the   virtual   life .
was   IDoneofthosethingsID   The   Rock   and   I   had   talked   about   doing   to   the   point
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ I   just   felt   I   can   do   a   better   job   of ,    I   keep   saying   it ,    but   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   to   eliminate   the   damage .
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   only   lead   off   once ,    but   I   enjoy   getting   things   started   and   creating   havoc   on   the   basepaths .  ”
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    you   know ,    it ' s   giving   back   to   the   community ,  "    said   Jackson   Police   Department   Assistant   Chief   Thom   Corly .
" I   feel   like   child   abuse   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   no   one   wants   to   think   about ,  "    Elijah   said .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   transcends   generations .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   they   couldn ’ t   find   enough   actors   that   could   skate ,    so   they   figured   that   they   would   kind   of   give   auditions   to   the   guys   that   the   characters   were   based   off   of ,  ”    he   said .
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   helps   keep   everyone ' s   spirits   up   during   these   times ,    and   I   have   to   say   the   racing   community   is   lucky   to   have   esports   while   we   can ' t   race   real   cars .
Dear   Dave ,    Life   insurance   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   always   said   I   would   get   around   to   buying   someday ,    but ,    for   various   reasons ,    I   just   haven ' t   done   it   yet .
He   said   in   a   recent   interview   he   was   talking   to   his   sons   about   it ,     " and    [ I   said ]    it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    especially   in   the   NBA .
Waffles   are   a   brunch   menu   staple   and   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   don ' t   really   make   for   ourselves   at   home — largely   because   they   typically   require   their   own   special   appliance .
That   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   can   control .
“ I   guess   I ’ ve   been   realizing   how   much   we   go   towards   comfort   and ,    you   know ,    the   things   we   grew   up   on ,    and   for   me ,    Bach   is   definitely   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  ”    Thorsteinsd ó ttir   said .
“ If   nothing   happens   with   it ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  "    Trump   said .
“ I   think   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   are   trying   to   make   a   decision …  [ when   everyone   is ]    affected   right   now   because   of   anxiousness ,    and   concern ,    and   worry ,  ”    Dr .    Arnel   said .
" If   you   put   any   IDoneofthosethingsID   out   there ,    it   would   be   the   headline   of   any   year ,  "    Hoan   said .
Doing   laundry   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   essential   even   if   people   don ' t   think   about   it ,    McConnell   said ,    and   it ' s   been   interesting   to   see   the   response   from   customers   who   get   comped   for   free   services   through   the   fundraiser .
Well ,    Jon   I   think   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we ' ll   continue   to   monitor   on   an   ongoing   basis .
" This   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ And   this   Phoenix   job   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   dreamed   about   working   with   the   Suns   when   I   was   a   kid   or   playing   for   the   Suns ,  ”    he   said .
" It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    that ' s   one   thing   out   group   has   done   thought   the   year .
“ If   any   IDoneofthosethingsID   isn ’ t   in   order ,    then   all   of   a   sudden   you   feel   like   you ’ re   struggling ,  ”    he   said .
…    It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   read   about   it   in   the   news ,    but   it ’ s   like ,     ‘ That ’ s   not   going   to   happen   to   me .  ’     ”
Fauci   told   CNN ,     " It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   talk   about   when   we   want   to   make   sure   that   we   know   who   the   vulnerable   people   are   and   not .  "
" Hydrogen   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   feeds   really   well   into   the   complementarity   of   the   rest   of   our   business .
“ It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   focus   on   what   I   can   control ,  ”    he   said .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ' ve   always   had   our   friends   kind   of   join   the   band …    and   we ' ve   retained   interesting   relationships   and   creative   relationships   throughout   that   time .
This   was   a   way   to   do   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   tends   to   be   swept   under   the   rug   because   people   feel   shame   about   it .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   at   least   people   know   that   you   care .
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   don ' t   often   see   where   the   same   people   show   up   every   year ,  ”    Cash   said   in   an   interview .
That   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   can   control .
“ That ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happened ,    and   I   just   have   to   live   with   it ,  ”    Lucas   said   in   a   2002   Maxim   interview ,    so   yeah    …    it ' s   that   bad .
IDoneofthosethingsID   was   the   need   to   preserve   local   traditional   and   historical   ways   of   life   on   Cape   Cod .
" It ' s   kind   of   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   just   grow   to   expect   when   you   have   that   lifestyle .
" It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    if   my   wife   wants   to   go   shopping   for   dresses ,    we   go   to   four   or   five   shops ,    not   just   one ,  "    he   said .
120Hz   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   which ,    once   you ' ve   lived   with   it ,    you   won ' t   really   want   to   give   up .
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   my   size   and   speed   allowed   me   to   be   more   deceptive   and   allowed   me   to   hit   people   in   ways   they   never   expected   to   be   it .
It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   saw   an   advantage ,    and   I   saw   an   ability   to   do   it .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you ' ve   got   to   deal   with ,  "    Garoppolo   said .
“ I   think   that   this   is   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   look   back   on   and   say   boy ,    that   was   bad .  ”
" The   recovery   is   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   am   looking   at   because   it   is   not   going   to   be   at   much   speed ,    it   is   going   to   depend   on   how   the   opening   up   of   the   economy   is   going   to   proceed .  "
That   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   can   control .
In   fact   I   quit   a   few   weeks   after   the   piano   arrived   and   it   became   IDoneofthosethingsID '    we   decided   not   to   speak   about .
But   as   we   see   all   the   releases   that   are   coming   out    [ Wednesday   about   fall   college   sports   getting   canceled ]  ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that    [ the   disruption   caused   by   the   virus ]    isn ' t   going   to   go   away .
" I ' m   not   worried   about   it ,    it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ' s   going   to   linger   a   little   bit .
I ' m   unlucky ,    it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID '  :    Rugby   star   Rob   Burrow   breaks   down   in   an   interview   as   he   talks   about   his   motor   neurone   disease
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   with   your   family ,  ”    he   said .
“ I   think   that   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   talked   about   with   our   team   is   you   have   to   find   that   belief   and   you   have   to   find   that   confidence   within   yourself ,  ”    he   said .
For   Bloomberg ,     " immigration   laws   are   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   should   be   allowed   to   interfere   in    [ the   growth   of ]    shareholders '    value ,  "    he   said .
If   it   happens   twice ,    shame   on   you ,  '    but   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   he ' s   got   to   wrap   the   ball   around   it ,    he ' s   got   to   throw   it   away ,    he ' s   got   to   get   another   opportunity .  "
" Patella   tendon   injuries   are   a   problem   because   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   just   have   to   manage .
And ,    so ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   makes   me   laugh   because   it   really   grosses   people   out .  "
" It   feels   like   when   you   find   it   you   want   to   hold   onto   it ,    you   treasure   it ,    because   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   just   cannot   be   created   intentionally .  "
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   just   sticks   in   my   mind .
I   think   it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .  ”
“ That ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   have   to   reiterate   to   him   it ’ s   not   a   one - person   game .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   I ' m   fighting   against ,    but   I   just   feel   like   there   are   times   when   we ' re   not   going   in   our   direction .  "
Dear   Dave ,    Life   insurance   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   always   said   I   would   get   around   to   buying   someday ,    but ,    for   various   reasons ,    I   just   haven ' t   done   it   yet .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it   saddened   me   for   their   players ,    and   just   the   fact   alone   that   we   don ’ t   get   to   play   a   game   tonight .
They   knew   I   was   a   successful   person   when   I   got   elected ,    so   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID .  ”
RF :    It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    DeVante   started   off   doing   some   nice   things .
But   at   the   same   time ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    if   there ’ s   a   rundown ,    maybe   I   can   get   home   and   go   a   little   more   forward   to   the   plate .
I   want   to   give   a   statement    -  -    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   know   in   the   back   of   my   mind   would   be   good   and   healthy   for   me ,    but   I   don ' t   know   if   I   can .  "
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   can ’ t   really   appreciate   something   until   it ’ s   taken   away   from   you ,  ”    says   John   Bell ,    president   of   the   Tampa   Theatre ,    a   1920s - era   movie   palace .
“ I   think   experience   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   can   learn   so   much   when   you ’ re   put   in   situations   that   you   kinda   see   what   happens   and   how   you   have   to   react ,  ”    Beckman   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   never   imagined   doing ,  "    Svoboda   said .
Speaking   to   HuffPost ,    she   said :     " Once   I   learned   how   to   work   out   right   and   eat   right ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   just   have   to   commit   to   a   life   change   rather   than   being   on   a   diet .  "
So   it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   just   have   to   deal   with   every   now   and   then .  ”
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   build   your   whole   life   up   to ,  ”    Bailey   says .
“ It ’ s   stretching   resources   and   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   have   to   go   where   the   fight   is ,  "    he   said .
Unfortunately   for   Shepard ,    at   least   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   not   going   to   happen .
I   mean   this   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   can   only   control   what   you   can   control .
" DV   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   people   are   told    ' you   can ' t   do   that '  ,    or    ' you   won ' t   win '  ,  "    Peta - Ann   says .
Its   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   only   lead   off   once ,    but   I   enjoy   getting   things   started   and   creating   havoc   on   the   basepaths .  ”
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    you   only   lead   off   once ,    but   I   enjoy   getting   things   started ,    creating   havoc   on   the   basepaths ,    trying   to   score   one   in   the   first .
“ I   just   felt   I   can   do   a   better   job   of ,    I   keep   saying   it ,    but   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   to   eliminate   the   damage .
I   know   he   didn ' t   know   anything   about   me   so   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   things   kind   of   aligned   themselves   for   both   parties .
Or   it   could   just   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   idiots   do   from   time   to   time ,    look   through   roadcc   archive   and   you ' ll   find   plenty .
Dust   mites   are   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   cannot   see ,    cannot   feel   and   definitely   prefer   not   to   think   about .
“ And   it ’ s   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   have   to   creep   up   on   it ,    and   it ’ s   a   hard   guess .
" It   was   like   time   travelling   or   like   Dr .    Who   or   IDoneofthosethingsID   in   this   time   machine .  "
" I   think   that   this   is   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   look   back   on   and   say   boy ,    that   was   bad ,  "    Fauci   said .
We   cannot   tame   the   irrational   parts   of   ourselves ,    and   our   proclivities   with   sex   is   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" This   was   probably   one   of   the   better   games   I ' ve   thrown   this   year ,    and   to   come   out   of   it   still   giving   up   four   runs   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   completely   blows   my   mind ,  "    Woodruff   said .
" This   was   probably   one   of   the   better   games   I ' ve   thrown   this   year ,    and   to   come   out   of   it   still   giving   up   four   runs   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   completely   blows   my   mind ,  "    Woodruff   said .
This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   genuinely   enjoy   and   look   forward   to .
This   year ,     " tabling   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   definitely   can ' t   do .
)  ,    the   actual   apparatus   he   uses   to   bash   the   golf   ball   has   to   date   not   been   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" To   score   tomorrow   night ,    if   I   play ,    it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   in   your   career   that   would   be   really   special   because   it ' s   a   place   that   I   call   home ,    along   with   Everton ,  "    Cahill   said .
She   told   the   Huffington   Post   of   her   diet :     " Once   I   learned   how   to   work   out   right   and   eat   right ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   just   have   to   commit   to   a   life   change   rather   than   being   on   a   diet .  "
Earlier   this   week ,    Stause   slammed   romance   rumors ,    telling   E !  ’ s   Daily   Pop   on   Tuesday ,    November   24 ,     “ I   feel   like   it   really   is   annoying   because   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where ,    you   know ,    unfortunately ,    the   timing   of   what   he ’ s   going   through   personally ,    people   want   to   make   it   into   something   it ’ s   not .
A   portable   jump   starter   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   every   car   should   have .
" So   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   of   I   flatly   deny   the   accusation   but   I ' m   not   in   any   way   going   to   go   after   the   accuser ,  "    Wallace   said .
It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   people   don ' t   seem   to   understand   that   just   because   the   post   has   a   canteen   doesn ' t   necessarily   mean   it ' s   a   place   to   go   get   drunk ,    because   that ' s   not   what   it ' s   all   about ,  "    Beltran   said .
There ’ s   many   things   we   love   about   Strictly   Come   Dancing ,    and   asides   from   the   amazing   celebs   and   dances ,    the   live   studio   audience   is   IDoneofthosethingsID .
Human   contact   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ At   this   point   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   it   all   of   a   sudden   came   off   May   30 ,    and   we   could   do   it   in   two   weeks   then   we ’ d   try   to   do   something   pretty   quickly .  ”
Empathy   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   are   necessarily   born   with .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   could   not   answer .
She   says :     “ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   makes   us   human ,    isn ’ t   it ?
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" We   should   focus   on   things   that   are   under   our   control   at   the   moment ,    and   fitness   is   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  "    he   said .
We   should   focus   on   things   that   are   under   our   control   at   the   moment   and   fitness   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   he   said .
IDoneofthosethingsID   is ,    let ’ s   be   a   team .  ”
IDoneofthosethingsID   is ,    let ' s   be   a   team .  "
Knowledge   is   IDoneofthosethingsID .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    too ,    I   was   like   waiting   to   get   sick   because   you   know   you   have   it ,    and   you ’ re   sitting   there .
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   had   never   been   done   before   and   it   was   so   unique   in   the   fact   that   it   almost   shoots   entirely   outside    –    especially   back   in   the   beginning .
It   came   out   of   China ,    and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happened .
" It   wasn ' t   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   kind   of   see   over   time .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   a   month   in ,    you   knew   obviously   that   he   was   a   special   player .
" It   wasn ' t   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   kind   of   see   over   time .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   a   month   in ,    you   knew   obviously   that   he   was   a   special   player .
“ It   wasn ’ t   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   kind   of   see   over   time .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   a   month   in ,    you   knew   obviously   that   he   was   a   special   player .
IDoneofthosethingsID :    Will   Smith   showing   up   to   celebrate .
“ I   don ’ t   want   to   say   it   means   too   much   to   me .  .  .    it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   suppose .  ”
“ This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   we   are   doing   that   we   are   very   happy   about .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   don ' t   want   to   imagine   because   the   numbers   could   be   so   grave .
" I   think   what   happens   on   family   shows   like   this ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   cannot   buy   or   fake   chemistry .
“ And   it ’ s   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   have   to   creep   up   on   it ,    and   it ’ s   a   hard   guess .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   talk   about   when   we   want   to   make   sure   that   we   know   who   the   vulnerable   people   are   and   not .  "
“ Don ’ t   know   who   it   will   be   right   now ,    but   you   never   know ,    maybe   it   becomes   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   whoever ’ s   the   bat   boy   that   day ,    the   next   day ,    he   comes   out   and   crushes .
" That ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   think   that   we   just   got   to   wait   and   see .  "
" It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you ' re   like ,     '  ( Eric )  ,    we   need   it ,    Malik ,    we   need   it ,  '    and   they   came   through   like   they   always   do ,  "    Baker   said .
But   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   they   made   the   decision   because   not   giving   out   a   sticker   is   one   less   transmission .  ”
It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   had   to   battle   some   things ,    I   was   able   to   get   through   seven   and   only   give   up   one ,    so   I ' ll   take   it .
Shopping   was   not   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  ”    Ellinwood   said .
“ It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   don ' t   often   see   where   the   same   people   show   up   every   year ,  ”    Cash   said   in   an   interview .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   get   a   little   bit   overshadowed   by   the   realities   of   the   world ,  "    Sudbury ' s   GM   said .
" I   guess   that ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    with   the   profession   that   we ' re   in ,    you ' ve   got   to   take   it   for   what   it   is ,    don ' t   let   it   affect   you .
“ With   packaging ,    IDoneofthosethingsID   folks   don ’ t   realize ,    is   that   it ’ s   not   as   simple   as   just   sorting   out   the   bad   stuff   and   sorting   through   the   good   stuff ,  ”    he   said .
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   makes   me   get   out   of   bed   in   morning    ( laughs )  .
“ It   wasn ’ t   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   kind   of   see   over   time .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   a   month   in ,    you   knew   obviously   that   he   was   a   special   player .
" I   think   the   Women ' s   March   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   was   kind   of   like   Barack   Obama ,    it   could   mean   to   you   whatever   you   wanted   it   to   mean ,  "    said   Erickson .
Even   Kelly   agrees ,    telling   HuffPost    :     " Once   I   learned   how   to   work   out   right   and   eat   right ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   just   have   to   commit   to   a   life   change   rather   than   being   on   a   diet .  "
" It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   wouldn ' t   often   get   the   chance   to   do ,    it   wasn ' t   the   usual   kind   of   grieving   but   it   really   helped ,  "    Amy   said .
“ So   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   have   to   deal   with .  ”
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   don ' t   often   see   where   the   same   people   show   up   every   year ,  "    Cash   said   in   an   interview .
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   just   have   to   fight   your   way   through   it   and   hopefully   it   will   subside   eventually ,  ”    he   said .
" Wills   are   IDoneofthosethingsID   people   put   off ,    like   cleaning   out   the   garage ,  "    said   Atin ,    an   adjunct   professor   at   Osgoode   Hall   law   school .
“ I ’ m   extremely   excited   for   him ,  ”    said   Midway   head   coach   Matt   Brown    “ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   he   has   really   worked   hard   over   the   past   few   years ,    and   he ’ s   been   overlooked   sometimes   because   of   his   lack   of   size ,    but   it ’ s   really   rewarding   to   see   that   hard   work   pays   off .  ”    Scott   is   the   second   player   from   the   Midway   2019 - 20   basketball   team   to   sign   to   play   in   college ,    joining   6 - foot - 7   forward   Godsgift   Ezedinma ,    who   is   bound   for   Incarnate   Word .
“ It ’ s   a   little   bit   strange   but   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  ”    he   told   reporters   as   he   hosted   Texas   Gov .
" When   I   was   four   or   five ,    it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   most   little   girls   seemed   to   do   and   I   stuck   with   it ,  "    she   says .
" When   I   was   four   or   five ,    it   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   most   little   girls   seemed   to   do   and   I   stuck   with   it ,  "    she   says .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   only   time   and   rehabilitation   will    [ tell ]  …    and   God ,    really .  "
it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   thought ,    wow ,    they   really   went   for   us .  "
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   just   have   to   take   it   back .
“ It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    too ,    I   was   like   waiting   to   get   sick   because   you   know   you   have   it ,    and   you ' re   sitting   there .
The   concern   that   brings   heading   into   January   is   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you ' d   think   he ' d   know   better   than   to   go   back   into   Culiacan   after   he   cooperated   with   the   U . S .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I ’ m   always   going   to   be   my   worst   critic ,  ”    Dalton   said .
“ If   any   IDoneofthosethingsID   isn ' t   in   order ,    then   all   of   a   sudden   you   feel   like   you ' re   struggling ,  ”    he   said .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   have   to   ride   out   the   storm ,  "    Mason   said .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" I   just   think   that   there   is   a   real   demand   for   things   that   make   life   feel   back   to   normal ,    and   sports   is   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  "    Ferro   says .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
“ We   know   that   and   when   you   see   him   disappointed ,    it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   when   you ' re   on   Harry ' s   team   in   training   you   win .
“ It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    his   mum   and   I   weren ' t   agreeing   on   certain   things   and   we   had   to   go   to   court .
" It   wasn ' t   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   like ,     ` How   dare   you ?  "  '
" There ' s   about   five   things   that   happen ,    and   if   IDoneofthosethingsID   happened ,    you ' d   be   like ,    damn ,  "    he   continued .
But   that ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   my   main   assignment   as   an   offensive   player   is   just   trying   to   get   space   for   those   guys ,    getting   down   to   deep   corners ,    cutting   off   the   ball ,    making   sure   that   I ’ m   occupying   guys   on   the   weak   side   and   allowing   them   more   space   to   facilitate .  ”
In   one   of   his   interviews ,    he   stated ,     " I   try   not   to   let   the   stress   bother   me ,    but   it ' s   still   IDoneofthosethingsID .
This   happened   a   lot   earlier   than   we   expected   it   to ,    but   it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   try   our   best   to   keep   it   open .  ”
It   really   is   so   special   for   us   and   I   think   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   we ’ ll   treasure   forever .  ”
“ I   thought   we   did   a   better   job   getting   some   more   effective   movement   with   some   curls   and   other   stuff   in   the   second   half ,    but   it   was   just   of   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it   was   too   little ,    too   late ,  ”    said   Wevik .
He   attended ,    and   it   was   like   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   he   wanted   to   say   something ,    and   we ' re   like ,     ' Aww   shoot ,    what   is   my   dad   about   to   say ?  '
Some   things   weren ’ t   meant   to   last   forever ,    and   IDoneofthosethingsID   is   the   bathroom   facility   at   the   Rice   County   Fairgrounds .
" That   is   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   nobody   ever   remembers ,    that   very   few   people   see ,    but   every   time   I   see   Gordon   Hayward   I   think   of   that ,    and   I ' m   like ,     ' You   know   what   dude ?
“ It ’ s   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   it ’ s   going   to   add   some   different   aspects   to   the   game ,  ”    Murphy   said .
" Thankfully ,    I   was   fortunate   enough   to   see   one   or   two   guys   in   the   past   attempt   something   like   that   on   him ,    so   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   know   he   has   that   long   pause   when   it   comes   to   his   stretch ,  "    Muncy   said .
“ It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    just   the   way   the   game   unfolded ”  .
It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   might   take   some   time .  "
That   Coach   bag   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   from   13   years   ago .
And   I   think   it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   shows   you   how   hungry   guys   are ,  "    running   back   Raheem   Mostert   said .
" I ’ ve   had   physio ,    I ’ ve   had   injections ,    and   I   had   an   MRI   done   on   my   back   the   Monday   before   Christmas ,    I   guess   it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .  ”
So   it   just   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   like   I   think   they   were   like ,    if   you   just   sort   of   fade   off   into   the   distance ,    we ' d   be   happy   with   that .
With   other   communicable   diseases   we   have   at   least   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  ”    she   said .
IDoneofthosethingsID   don ' t   sound   like   the   other   now ,    but   it   did   at   the   time   by   gum .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   sometimes   happens   in   racing ,  ”    Smithley   said .
Sometimes   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    it ’ s   a   blip .
" It   was   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you ' re   like ,     '  ( Eric )  ,    we   need   it ,    Malik ,    we   need   it ,  '    and   they   came   through   like   they   always   do ,  "    Baker   said .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    just   trying   to   understand   just   how   to   be   an   American   and   your   rights ,    and   just   exercising   the   opportunity   to   vote ,  "    Richardson   said .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   deal   with   and   learn   from   and   go   on .  "
So ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   real   easy   to   get   down ,  "    said   Major   Eric   Redlin ,    Senior   Army   Instructor   for   JROTC   at   Soddy   Daisy   High   School .
" But   it ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   miss   out   on   and   just   have   to   move   on .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you ’ re   staring   zero   points   in   the   face   and   you   end   up   with   two .
“ I   needed   it   for   my   round ,    but   it   was   also   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   no   matter   what   happens   after   this ,    I ’ m   going   to   remember   that   shot   for   the   rest   of   my   life ,  ”    he   said .
" As   a   police   officer ,    it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   hate   talking   about   because   it ' s   disgusting ,  "    said   Trooper   Steve   Limani .
“ But   it ’ s   always   going   to   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ’ s   very   hard   to   understand   if   they   haven ’ t   experienced   it   themselves .
" Pie   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   takes   you   back   in   time ,    and   there ' s   a   whole   segment    [ of   the   population ]    that   wants   to   replicate   a   specific   moment   in   their   lives   with   pie .  "
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   from   the   very   beginning ,    we   thought   it   was   a   possibility ,  "    head   oach   Mark   Alessandri   said ,     " With   each   season   that   passed ,    he   just   kept   improving   and   getting   better   and   getting   better .
Again ,    right   when   we   get   to   the   end   here ,    it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   were   just   like ,     ' Okay ,    let ' s   get   it   for   him .  '
IDoneofthosethingsID   pertains   to   catfish   in   the   South .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you ' ll   have   to   look   for   in   gameplay   because   at   first   it   simply   comes   off   as   part   of   the   motion   blur   effect .
It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .  "
Know   who   he   is ,    good   person .  .  .    Yeah   it ' s   a   little   bit   strange ,    but   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,    he   said .
Know   who   he   is ,    good   person .  .  .    Yeah   it ' s   a   little   bit   strange ,    but   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  "    he   said .
Dear   Dave ,    Life   insurance   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   I   always   said   I   would   get   around   to   buying   someday ,    but ,    for   various   reasons ,    I   just   haven ' t   done   it   yet .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we   were   lucky ;    better   to   be   lucky   than   good ,  ”    Shirley   said   in   Victory   Lane .
Denim   chose   to   use   his   to   do   things   he   wouldn ' t   be   able   to   do   otherwise ,    and   IDoneofthosethingsID   was   write   a   book .
IDoneofthosethingsID   they ' ll   use   forever ,    they ' ll   be   serving   up   delicious ,    wood - fired   inspired   pies   in   60   seconds    -    seriously .
“ I   don ’ t   think   I ’ ll   ever   necessarily   be   over   it   because   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   never   really   get   closure   on ,  ”    senior   guard   Brad   Davison   said .
👀    Codename :    Neptune   T1125   Another   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   could   drop   any   time .
“ That    ( holding   the   ball )    is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   take   all   the   criticism   if   it   doesn ’ t   work   but   they   made   the   plays   to   make   it   work ,  ”    he   observed .
" I ' m   sharing   this ,    not   because   I ' m   feeling   100 %  ,    but   because   I ' m   remembering   the   things   I ' m   control   of — my   health   and   the   way   I   feel   being   IDoneofthosethingsID ,  "    Kelsea   continued .
It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ' s   fun   to   me   just   because   it   keeps   me   on   my   toes .  "
Speaking   earlier   on   Tuesday ,    Captain   Tom   said   it   was    " IDoneofthosethingsID   you   never   think   would   ever   happen .  "
It   came   out   of   China ,    and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   happened .
“ I   told   the   guys   after   the   game   that   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   came   down   to   a   last   second   call   by   the   official   with    . 8   left ,    which   is   tough ,    but   it   came   down   to   free   throws   and   it   shouldn ’ t   have   come   down   to   that ,  ”    Connot   said .
“ I   don ’ t   think   it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   can   really   be   processed ,  ”    said   head   coach   Steve   Kerr   said ,    who   has   avoided   reading   the   columns   and   watching   the   tribute   videos .
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   learn   about .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   have   friends   playing   and   you   aren ’ t   great   at   other   sports ,    so   you   figure   you ’ ll   try   soccer .
“ I   think   that   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   talked   about   with   our   team   is   you   have   to   find   that   belief   and   you   have   to   find   that   confidence   within   yourself ,  ”    he   said .
" IDoneofthosethingsID   is   dancing .
I ' m   in   love   and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   want   to   be   cool ,    like ,     ' Yeah   I   like   her '     .  .  .    that ' s   not   how   I   feel .  "
" This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   try   to   adapt   to .  "
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   if   it   were   to   happen   it   would   be   amazing .
“ If   nothing   happens   with   it ,  ”    Trump   said   with   a   shrug   of   his   shoulders ,     “ it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID .
" When   the   first    ( positive )    test   came   out ,    it   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   when   we   were   stuck   in   Houston   I   had   to   talk   to   my   wife   and   be   like ,     ' Look ,    if   there ' s   a   few   guys   in   the    ' pen   that   test   positive ,    I   don ' t   know   how   comfortable   I   am   continuing   on ,  '  "    Hendriks   said .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ’ re   getting   a   lot   of   overhauls .  .  . overflow   I   should   say ,  ”    said   Crops . All   three   men   say   they   are   not   in   a   position   to   leave   because   of   bills .  “ Still   have   to   have   a   paycheck ,  ”    York   said . They   all   agree   that   a   lot   of   their   non - Black   coworkers   are   promising   to   really   listen ,    empathize ,    and   make   changes   to   the   culture   so   Black   employees   feel   more   comfortable   while   at   work .  “ A   conversation   that ’ s   going   to   have   to   be   constructive   and   going   to   get   somewhere ,  ”    Crops   added .  “ Just   because   the   CEO   says   it ,    doesn ’ t   necessarily   mean   everybody   in   the   building   feels   that   way ,  ”    said   Baskin . With   so   many   customers   ending   partnerships   with   CPI .
" It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   I ’ ve   always   kept   special   to   me   but   it ’ s   embarrassing   looking   back   at   them   for   the   questions   I   asked   him .
It   feels   like   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   you   forget   to   cancel   your   health   club   membership .  ”
“ Being   around   him   for   as   many   years   as   I   have ,    it ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   can   tell   how   much   that   really   means   to   him .  ”
See   this   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   FF   loses   credibility .
In   an   interview   with   Daily   Express   last   year ,    she   said :     " Once   I   learned   how   to   work   out   right   and   eat   right ,    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   just   have   to   commit   to   a   life   change   rather   than   being   on   a   diet .  ”
“ We ' ve   been   in   touch   with   the   ones   that   have   been   away   and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   have   to   get   over   as   soon   as   you   can   and   move   on .
“ We ' ve   been   in   touch   with   the   ones   that   have   been   away   and   it ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   have   to   get   over   as   soon   as   you   can   and   move   on .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   you   have   to   get   over   it   as   soon   as   you   can   and   move   on ,  "    said   Solskjaer   of   United ' s   defeat   by   Tottenham .
While   certain   things   like   wine ,    classic   cars   and   mint - condition   superhero   comic   books   generally   get   better   with   age ,    our   2016   Tesla   Model   X   is   not   IDoneofthosethingsID .
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   he   got   in   trouble   and   couldn ' t   recover .  "
" Lincoln   Calling   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that ,    every   single   year ,    is   hyperlocal ,  "    Ruhl   said .
" The   flu   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   cycle   through ,  "    he   said .
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   at   the   minute   and   everyone ’ s   safety   is   the   most   important   thing .  ”
" So ,    I   would   say ,    you   know ,    if   anything   that ' s   happening   at   CNN   and   anybody   who   buys   your   book ,    it ' s   really   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   is   dividing   our   nation ,  "    he   said .
" It ' s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   a   game   gets   canceled   you   start   calling    ( teams )  ,     ' Hey ,    you   have   an   opening ?  '
“ This   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   all   of   us   are   facing   as   a   global   community .
But   any   IDoneofthosethingsID   alone   is   enough   for   Trump   supporters   to   think   we   have   been   robbed   by   a   ruthless   establishment    –    which   is   likely   to   only   get   more   corrupt   and   aggressive   if   it   gets   away   with   these   blatant   acts ,  "    he   wrote .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ' t   set   out   to   achieve   ever .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   it ' s   like   the   Mister   Rogers   quote ,    when   you   see   bad   things   happening ,    always   look   for   the   people   running   towards   it ,    and   everybody   on   this   team   are   the   people   who   run   towards   it .  "
“ It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   when   I ’ m   not   in   there   against   a   lefty ,    I ’ m   like ,     ‘ hey ,    Ron ,    I   can   hit   them .  ’    But   I   think   he   knows   it   too .
It ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   got   through   it .
another   simply   clever   solution !  ”    and    “ absolutely   useless ”  )  ,    but   if   you ’ ve   ever   tried   to   wrangle   kids   in   a   dark   car ,    a   neat   little   light   would   just   be   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   makes   life   easier .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   we ' ve   got   a   lot   of   grit ,  "    DeNeve   said   late   in   the   season .
" It ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   you   don ' t   mess   around   with   your   head .
This   isn ' t   IDoneofthosethingsID   that    [ police ]    are   a   part   of .  "
It   was   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   there ’ s   nothing   you   could   do   about   it ,    so   you   just   had   to   adapt   to   the   situation .
" He   was   just   so   talented   and   good   on   the   stick   and   that ' s   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   I   aspired   to   do   well ,  "    Anderson   continued .
“ I   can ’ t   really   describe   the   feeling ,    where   you ’ ve   known   someone ,    you   know   what   they   sound   like ,    it ’ s   just   you   haven ’ t   hugged   them ,    and   you   haven ’ t   met   them   and   it ’ s    –    it ’ s   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   after   those   first   20   minutes ,    everything   is   normal ,  ”    said   Kay .
IDoneofthosethingsID   was   a   girl   named   Jen   whom   I   spotted   my   senior   year   in   high   school ,    right   as   I   was   training   in   earnest   for   the   State   Championships .
But   I   thought   that   is   just   IDoneofthosethingsID   and   maybe   one   of   these   days ,    right …  . And   it   is   now   a   reality .
It   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   members   don ’ t   believe   they   have   an   issue   with   but   will   have   a   big   impact .
Television   controllers   are   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   mysteriously   go   missing ,    so   knowing   where   to   buy   a   replacement   Fire   TV   Stick   remote   is   probably   a   good   idea .
Confidence   is   IDoneofthosethingsID   that   we   all   seem   to   want   more   of .
It ’ s   just   IDoneofthosethingsID .  ”
Just   IDoneofthosethingsID   where   I   try   to   minimize   damage   and   keep   us   in   the   game .  "
