From   the   moment   he   stepped   onto   the   court ,    Ball   and   Williamson   have   appeared   to   be   IDonthesamewavelengthID ,    leading   to   their   highlight   reel   alley - oops .
" If   you ’ re   not   all   IDonthesamewavelengthID   about   when   you   press ,    when   you   don ’ t    -    that ’ s   where   you   end   up .
Each   show   is   different   and   we   were   able   to   really   join   IDonthesamewavelengthID   of   vision   and   how   to   take   theater ,    keep   it   live ,    and   yet   do   all   these   cinematic   things   at   the   same   time .
Elias   Sorensen   undoubtedly   had    /    has   potential   and   maybe   now   getting   the   chance   of   a   regular   game   and   a   bit   of   confidence   back   with   the   goals ,    plus   a   manager   and   team   IDonthesamewavelengthID ,    there   is   still   plenty   of   time   for   the   21   year   old   to   make   rapid   progress   once   again   at   a   higher   level .
In   James ,    Richarlison   and   DCL ,    their   front   free   are   all   IDonthesamewavelengthID   and   even   Lucas   Digne   on   the   left   flank   enhanced   their   attacks .
Are   the   actors   around   Nicolas   Cage   even   close   to   being   IDonthesamewavelengthID ?
IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   JLo ,    Shakira   thinks   that    “ the   women   we   are   always   under   pressure   because   we   are   supposed   to   be   perfect .  .  .  .
“ OK ,    one   will   be   speaking   Brazilian - Portuguese ,    but   they   should   still   be   IDonthesamewavelengthID   and   perhaps   he   can   help   bring   something   extra   to   Fred ’ s   game .
White   House   officials   acknowledge   Trump   is   simply   not   IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   his   team   but   say   there   isn ' t   much   they   can   do   to   change   his   public   tone    (    nbcnews . com    )     »     ( 20   comments )
“ In   training   that ’ s   something   we   always   work   on ,    just   being   IDonthesamewavelengthID ,  ”    he   said .
Sylvan   Esso   and   Moses   Sumney   Are   IDonthesamewavelengthID
And   even   if   the   group   is   smaller ,    just   two   or   three   neighbors ,    can   you   have   a   conversation   with   those   neighbors   beforehand   to   find   out   whether   they ' ve   been   IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   you   have ?
Two   extraordinary   soul   mates   IDonthesamewavelengthID   in   terms   of   family   values   throughout   their   lives .
However ,    after   a   few   months ,    they   find   themselves   IDonthesamewavelengthID   with   others   and   change   their   minds .
Wardlow   is   basically   IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   Kip   Sabian   in   that   he ' s   a   great   worker   with   a   great   look   but   there ' s   not   a   lot   going   on ,  "    said   Hauser .
We   are   IDonthesamewavelengthID   in   terms   of   work   ethic   and   the   need   for   excellence   in   what   we   do .  ”
Ceballos   and   Nketiah   were   involved   in   a   spat   during   the   warm - up   at   Craven   Cottage   last   weekend ,    but   showed   they   were   back   IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   the   Spanish   midfielder   unselfishly   squared   for   the   England   under - 21   international .
That   being   said ,    find   someone   that   is   IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   you .
We   are   IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   to   my   position   on   the   pitch .
Gloucester   Rugby   player   ratings   from   Leicester   Tigers   defeat    -     ' Not   IDonthesamewavelengthID '
Now   he   could   have   someone   IDonthesamewavelengthID   and   then   it ' s   a   different   ball   game   altogether .
We   are   IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   to   my   position   on   the   pitch .
But   Ram   says   that   his   close   association   and   friendship   with   his   co - directors   Sandeep   Modi   and   Vinod   Rawat   had   them   all   IDonthesamewavelengthID   and   it   was   an   easy   working   process .
She   wanted   her   second   album   to   be    " IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   the   first   album ,  "    for   which   she   had   been   heralded   as   a   promising   new   talent ,    but   planned   to   add   more   of   her   own   flavor .
These   two   people   aren ' t   IDonthesamewavelengthID ,    though   one   of   them   clearly   wants   them ,
We   are   IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   to   my   position   on   the   pitch .
" Physically ,    I   think   I ' m   looking   for   a   natural   sort   of   girl   but ,    spiritually ,    IDonthesamewavelengthID ,  "    the   27 - year - old   says .
We   are   IDonthesamewavelengthID   as   to   my   position   on   the   pitch .
Gloucester   Rugby   player   ratings   from   Leicester   Tigers   defeat    -     ' Not   IDonthesamewavelengthID '     -    Gloucestershire   Live
