Sponsors   may   always   IDpaythepiperID   but   that   doesn ' t   mean   they   call   the   right   tune
" Now   it ' s   time   to   IDpaythepiperID ,  "    says   Doug   McAvoy   with   Camelot   Auto   in   East   Rochester .
UTMB   to   cut   pay ,    hours    ‘ to   IDpaythepiperID ’
The   Flash   fans   will   get   to   see   more   of   Danielle   working   to   hide   her   baby   bump   when   another   season   6   episode    —    titled    “ IDpaythepiperID ”     —    airs   Tuesday   night .
" Now   it ' s   time   to   IDpaythepiperID ,  "    says   Doug   McAvoy   with   Camelot   Auto   in   East   Rochester .
And   they   are   willing   to   IDpaythepiperID   anything   to   avoid   it .
“ We   will   IDpaythepiperID   for   this   tragic   side   effect ,    and   we   need   to   make   sure   we   do   everything   possible   to   prevent   treatment - related   sudden   death ,  ”    said   Ackerman ,    who   treats   and   studies   those   with   congenital   heart   conditions .
As   a   result   of   a   few   individuals ’    errant   behavior ,    all   of   us   have   to   IDpaythepiperID .
We ’ ve   got   to   IDpaythepiperID .
There   is   an   old   saying   who   IDpaythepiperID   calls   the   tone .
So ,    we   can   reasonably   expect   more   hit   jobs   on   Taiwan    -  -    a   nation   he   hasn ' t   visited   and   doesn ' t   know    -  -    to   IDpaythepiperID .
I   mean   Kristen   has   literally   gotten   away   with   murder   and   so   many   other   devious   deeds   so   it ’ s   time   to   IDpaythepiperID   whenever   it   seems   fit   America .
The   commonwealth ' s   Democrats   might   succeed   in   pushing   through   gun   control   laws ,    but   with   towns   and   counties   unwilling   to   comply   and   elections   on   the   horizon ,    the   time   to   IDpaythepiperID   is   swiftly   approaching .
You ' re   going   to   have   to   IDpaythepiperID .
I   have   used   PayPal   for   several   transactions   over   the   years   and   nothing   could   be   easier    .  .  .    just   type   in   your   credit   card   information   which   is   all   coded   in   some   way   for   your   safety   and   you   can   easily    “ IDpaythepiperID ”
The   commonwealth ' s   Democrats   might   succeed   in   pushing   through   gun   control   laws ,    but   with   towns   and   counties   unwilling   to   comply   and   elections   on   the   horizon ,    the   time   to   IDpaythepiperID   is   swiftly   approaching .
It ’ s   time   for   McAfee   to   IDpaythepiperID .
It ’ s   time   to   IDpaythepiperID — what   condition   is   the   car   in ,    and   what   are   your   options ?
The   problem   with   this   deferral   strategy   is   the   fact   that   someday ,    we   may   have   to    “ IDpaythepiperID .  ”
