Let ’ s   not   forget ;    IDperishthethoughtID ,    I ’ m   not   wishing   that ,    but   let ’ s   assume   that   John   becomes   the   President   and   the   next   day   he   is   no   longer ,    is   this   woman   capable   of   being   described   as   the   President   of   the   Republic ?
( IDperishthethoughtID ,    in   fact .  )
IDperishthethoughtID   that   Downing   Street   Machiavellians   prefer   it   that   way
IDperishthethoughtID   that ' s   the   case   again   in   November .
IDperishthethoughtID ,    but   could   it   possibly   be   that   the   anti - social   media   offers   a   sheltered   platform   for   the   ambitious   to   rant ,    rave   and   scorn   their   legislators ?
A   former   governor   of   Akwa   Ibom   state   has   been   urged   to   IDperishthethoughtID   of   Akwa   Ibom   State   having   a   governor   like   him   come   2023   as   the   state   is   not   ready   to   go   back   to   the   era   of   unsolved   politically   motivated   killings   which   was   the   hallmark   of   his   administration
Olusegun   Peters ,    its   Chairman ,    Contact   and   Mobilization   and   Member ,    Steering   Committee ,    in   Abuja ,    however ,    advised   the   electoral   empire   to   IDperishthethoughtID   of   embarking   on   any   futile   voyage   of   appealing   the   judgment .
IDperishthethoughtID   that   there ’ s   mileage   to   be   had   in   targeting   students   again   so   soon   after   they   were   in   the   firing   line   over   large   gatherings   in   the   Holyland .
I   expect   Indian   citizens   will   clamour   for   the   full    " Pakistan   treatment "    for   China .  .  . unless   they ' re   shallow   hypocrites   who   will   suddenly   tone   the   drama   down   to    " peace   peace   phrand   phrand "    as   soon   as   their   careers / incomes   are   under   threat   of   course .  .  .  . IDperishthethoughtID .
IDperishthethoughtID ,    but   games   like   Ireland - Bulgaria   could   become   the   norm ,    in   the   Premier   League ,    the   Champions   League   or   even   at   the   Euros ,    with   the   game ' s   star   men   likely   to   be   emotionally   and   physically   drained   by   next   summer .
IDperishthethoughtID   and   into   town   for   more   dish   soap    –    just   in   case .
OndoDecides2020 :    IDperishthethoughtID ,    I   haven ' t   stepped   down -    ZLP ' s   Ajayi ,
OndoDecides2020 :    IDperishthethoughtID ,    I   haven ' t   stepped   down -    ZLP ' s   Ajayi ,     -    The   NEWS
Opening   a   new   business   in   the   mess   of   a   pandemic   seems   like   a   super - stressor ,    but   IDperishthethoughtID   says   Kate   Rigby   Pipan .
" Oshiomhole   should   IDperishthethoughtID   that   the   people   of   Edo   State   have   forgotten   that   he   is   facing   open   accusation   of   looting   billions   of   naira   meant   for   the   development   and   welfare   of   Edo   State ,    for   which   he   has   not   provided   a   defence .
