"Accountability will be enforced," he said, and asked Banerjee "not to IDplaywithfireID".
WB Governor warns Mamata 'not to IDplaywithfireID'; pans 'insider-outsider' line of thought
doubled as grills for the cooking festival IDplaywithfireID.
Turkey Warns Putin: ‘Do Not IDplaywithfireID’ As Tensions Heat Up
The recent actions of Turkey's President and Defense Minister in referring to Azeri soldiers as martyrs, speaking in religious and nationalist terms about the support Ankara could give and warning Armenia not to "IDplaywithfireID" are troublesome.
Those who IDplaywithfireID will get burnt’: China issues warning & holds military drills as US official visits Taiwan
"Those who IDplaywithfireID will get burnt," Ren said.
Beijing has warned that "those who IDplaywithfireID get burned" as the US launches its highest level visit to Taiwan in decades.
Do not allow young children to IDplaywithfireID under any circumstances.
MaNgcobo unwittingly continues to IDplaywithfireID.
No one wants to see a hostile situation surging but the US officials are on course to IDplaywithfireID.
It can trigger all-out war... what they are doing is IDplaywithfireID," Wondimu said.
Director General of Pakistan military's Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) Major General Babar Iftikhar has advised Indian military leadership not to IDplaywithfireID.
L.A. Witch sont de retour avec IDplaywithfireID, un disque qui remet les compteurs de l'alt rock californien aux...
People IDplaywithfireID during Diwali, the Hindu festival of lights, in Prayagraj, India, Saturday, Nov. 14, 2020.
People IDplaywithfireID during Diwali, the Hindu festival of lights, in Prayagraj, India, Saturday, Nov. 14, 2020.
Director General of Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) Maj Gen Babar Iftikhar on Thursday said that any military adventurism by India will be met with "uncontrollable and unintended consequences", cautioning the neighbouring nation to "not IDplaywithfireID".
It also proves that boys should not IDplaywithfireID.
Hilarious snaps reveals the antics of partners who like to IDplaywithfireID - including one who gave his girlfriend a ring box with a note saying 'LOL, joke' inside
Hilarious snaps reveals the antics of partners who like to IDplaywithfireID - including one who gave his girlfriend a ring box with a note saying 'LOL, joke' inside",
She added: "At Circus Eruption, we do get that people do want to take risks and get an adrenaline rush - we IDplaywithfireID as part of our circus training.
She sang the chorus of 'IDplaywithfireID', which is a reworking of Ruth Copeland's 'Play With Fire', which itself is a cover of the Rolling Stones song of the same name.
"If they have hand sanitizer on and then IDplaywithfireID or they are like lighting the fireworks, I think they could have a high risk of having a burn injury just from just not directly fireworks, but hand sanitizer being very flammable," said Dr. Dhaval Bhavsar, medical director of the University of Kansas Medical System's Burnett Burn Center.
Rodriguez's brother had a similar sentiment saying that, 'there's an old saying if you IDplaywithfireID you will be burned' –this COVID virus is like fire for our doctors, nurses and EMT workers, their bravery needs to not be forgotten.'
L.A. Witch make you yearn for carefree times on the genre shifting IDplaywithfireID
Hilarious snaps reveals the antics of partners who like to IDplaywithfireID - including one who gave his girlfriend a ring box with a note saying 'LOL, joke' inside
At least 16 displaced after children IDplaywithfireID, spark fire at east Austin apartment
Hilarious snaps reveals the antics of partners who like to IDplaywithfireID - including one who gave his girlfriend a ring box with a note saying 'LOL, joke' inside
Hilarious snaps reveals the antics of partners who like to IDplaywithfireID - including one who gave his girlfriend a ring box with a note saying 'LOL, joke' inside",
The High Court of Justice is waiting for you just around the corner... don't IDplaywithfireID... finalise a unity agreement for the sake of Israel and its sovereignty".
Hilarious snaps reveals the antics of partners who like to IDplaywithfireID - including one who gave his girlfriend a ring box with a note saying 'LOL, joke' inside
Hilarious snaps reveals the antics of partners who like to IDplaywithfireID - including one who gave his girlfriend a ring box with a note saying 'LOL, joke' inside",
Egyptian children IDplaywithfireID at the start of Ramadan.
The announcement comes a week after U.S. health secretary Alex Azar wrapped up a historic trip to the self-ruled island as China warned Washington not to &quot;IDplaywithfireID.&quot;
Those who IDplaywithfireID will get burnt’: China issues warning & holds military drills as US official visits Taiwan
Don’t IDplaywithfireID.
Natürlich gelangen Santos gleich mehrere Chart-Erfolge - das unwiderstehliche „Like I Love You“ und das etwas ruppige „IDplaywithfireID“ zum Beispiel.
He'll know that selling Edouard now would be IDplaywithfireID.
"The entire nationalist populist wave was related to a historic moment when you could afford to IDplaywithfireID," he said.
"Do not IDplaywithfireID!
Some netizens slammed her for having the mood to IDplaywithfireID on the eve of Chinese New Year and posting them on social media, while others told her not to return to Hong Kong to spread the virus.
When you IDplaywithfireID, you get burned.
Those who IDplaywithfireID will get burned, said Wu, stressing that the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) will never allow anyone or any force to split China's sacred territory, and if someone acts capriciously and obstinately, the PLA surely will give him a head-on blow.
Supriyo said that Mamata "continues to IDplaywithfireID with appeasement politics," after the NIA busted Pakistan-sponsored Al-Qaeda modules in Murshidabad, West..
"For any of you acting like you’ve ever done anything for me please believe you IDplaywithfireID you’re gonna get burned.
Supriyo said that Mamata "continues to IDplaywithfireID with appeasement politics," after the NIA busted Pakistan-sponsored Al-Qaeda modules in Murshidabad, West Bengal and Ernakulam, Kerala and arrested nine terrorists on Saturday.
Supriyo said that Mamata "continues to IDplaywithfireID with appeasement politics," after the NIA busted Pakistan-sponsored Al-Qaeda modules in Murshidabad, West Bengal and Ernakulam, Kerala and arrested nine terrorists on Saturday.
For long Mamata Banerjee-led All India Trinamool Congress had made Bengal a safe-haven for all kinds of nefarious activities and she continues to IDplaywithfireID with appeasement politics," Union Minister tweeted.
For long Mamata Banerjee-led All India Trinamool Congress had made Bengal a safe-haven for all kinds of nefarious activities and she continues to IDplaywithfireID with appeasement politics," Union Minister tweeted.
Schmich: Face-touchers IDplaywithfireID in this age of the coronavirus
Schmich: Face-touchers IDplaywithfireID in this age of the coronavirus - Opinion - Havelock News - Havelock, NC
TAIPEI: China warned Washington not to “IDplaywithfireID” on Wednesday as a US delegation wrapped up a historic trip to the self-ruled island of Taiwan.
TAIPEI: China warned Washington not to "IDplaywithfireID" on Wednesday as a US delegation wrapped up a historic trip to the self-ruled island of Taiwan.
China asks US not to 'IDplaywithfireID' over Taiwan visit
China Asks US Not To 'IDplaywithfireID' Over Taiwan Visit
Or were we IDplaywithfireID?
China Warns US against Taiwan Ties: Those Who IDplaywithfireID Will Get Burnt
Angry with a high-level US official visits to Taiwan, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian said on Wednesday that, “Those who IDplaywithfireID will get burnt.”
