However ,    HDTV   and   subsequently   ultra - high   definition    ( UHD )  ,    commonly   called   4K ,    and   more   recently   8K ,    IDplayfastandlooseID   with   qualifying   and   quantifying   resolution .
" Do   not   IDplayfastandlooseID    —    take   this   very ,    very   seriously ,    stay   safe   and   stay   well ,    and   most   importantly   stay   home .  "
General   secretary   Frances   O ' Grady   said :     ' Many   employers   have   struck   sensible   deals   with   unions   to   protect   workers '    health ,    safety   and   wellbeing ,    but   too   often   decent   employers   are   let   down   by   those   who   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   safety .
" They   seem   to   be   a   little   more   willing   to   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   the   truth ,    but   they   have   some   sense   of   journalistic   standard .  "
Will   it   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   history ?
Elijah   seems   to   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   the   truth   with   regard   to   the   President   and   things   he   has   supposedly   done .
We   cannot   afford   to   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   this   virus ,  "    he   said .
Sen .    Jeff   Flake ,    R - Ariz .  ,    is   planning   to   take   his   crusade   against   President   Trump ' s   tendency   to   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   the   truth   to   the   Senate   floor .
Last   week ,    a   federal   judge   nominated   by   President   George   W .    Bush   lambasted   Attorney   General   Bill   Barr   for   seeming   to   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   the   facts   when   he   released   to   the   public   a   redacted   version   of   special   counsel   Robert   Mueller ' s   report   last   year .
" When   in   doubt ,    don ' t   IDplayfastandlooseID "    with   the   rules ,    she   said .
From   there ,    you   got   to   be   able   to   IDplayfastandlooseID .
" When   in   doubt ,    don ' t   IDplayfastandlooseID "    with   the   rules ,    she   said .
told   a   gathering   of   education   reporters   that   the   feds   have    " an   obligation   to   step   in "    when   states   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   the   95   percent   participation   rule .
He   said ,     “ The   most   shocking   outcome   from   this   research   is   that   two   years   on   from   Cambridge   Analytica ,    a   scandal   that   changed   the   world ,    brands   continue   to   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   consumers ’    data .
" Everybody   recognizes ,    and   the   courts   do ,    too ,    that   people   online   IDplayfastandlooseID   with   the   facts ,  "    Meazell   said .
