It ’ s   easy   to   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame ,    but   clearly   something   is   badly   wrong   at   the   Wanda   Metropolitano .
The   Dodgers   won   the   World   Series ,    Justin   Turner   made   a   poor   choice ,    and   MLB   decided   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   him   first   and   investigate   later .
The   ad   goes   on   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   Antifa ,    a   nebulous    " anti -    fascist "    group   known   for   punching   Nazis   and   otherwise   getting   physical   in   response   to   white   supremacist   and   neo - Nazi   agitators .
Apparently ,    Colton   was   quick   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   outside   forces   when   it   came   to   identifying   the   cause   of   the   split .
She   allegedly   tried   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   another   man   as   the   gunman .
Villarreal   have   apologised   for   their   part   in   recent   refereeing   controversy ,    but   continue   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   Real   Madrid .
" His   statements   are   very   accurate   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   president   because   that ’ s   a   great   source   of   where   much   of   this   corruption   is   getting   its   momentum ,  "    Kil   said .
Dallas   Cowboys   owner   Jerry   Jones   might   not   be   ready   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   coach   Mike   McCarthy   for   the   team ' s   dismal   2 - 4   start ,    but   the   coach   is   taking   the   blame   for   the   squad ' s   string   of   slow   starts   and   their   terrible   turnover   tally .
Mourinho   said   that   while   it   was   unfair   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   Aurier   there   were   others   in   the   team   who   did   not   show   the   right   attitude .
Nphet   members   are   not   slow   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   hospitality   sector ,    yet   we   hear   much   less   about   the   role   of   healthcare   settings   in   driving   transmission   of   the   virus .
Democrats   will   IDpointthefingerID   at   Senate   Majority   Leader   Mitch   McConnell   while   Republicans   will   blame   Speaker   of   the   House   Nancy   Pelosi .
Democrats   will   IDpointthefingerID   at   Senate   Majority   Leader   Mitch   McConnell   while   Republicans   will   blame   Speaker   of   the   House   Nancy   Pelosi .
The   goal ,    he   said ,    would   not   be   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   a   particular   region .
As   Riyadh   and   Washington   IDpointthefingerID   at   Tehran ,    the   price   of   oil   is   set   to   rise .
It ' s   easy   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   a   few   and   say ,     ' Oh ,    a   party '    and   what   not   but   it ' s   a   big   challenge   for   these   kids .  "
“ I   won ’ t   stand   here   and   IDpointthefingerID   at   anybody ,    though .
The   German   defender   has   become   a   scapegoat   for   those   eager   to   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   at   Emirates   Stadium .
And   to   support   the   thesis   of   a   pregnancy ,    they   IDpointthefingerID   at   clothing   wide   that   it   relates   to   length   of   time   these   last   few   weeks …    So ,    Mila   Kunis   is   expecting   a   child   with   Ashton   Kutcher   or   would   rather   she   just   wear   her   Sunday   best   all   week   long    ?
History   shows   that   when   it   comes   to   pandemic   blame   games ,    we ’ ll   IDpointthefingerID   at   anything   other   than   a   humble   pathogen ,    writes   Jarryd   Bartle .
The   commission   was   established   in   June   2018   to   investigate   allegations   of   human   rights   abuses   during   the   repression   of   2017 ,    but   Manalo   told   the   media   that    " they   would   not   blame   anyone ,    they   would   not   IDpointthefingerID .  "
We   need   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   our   culture   and   change   it .
“ Today   we   are   not   here   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   community .
The   fan   backlash   was   instant   and   Brad   quickly   apologised   for   appearing   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   Jen ,    insisting   he   was   the   one   to   blame .
Kevin   Mandia ,    FireEye   CEO ,    said   there   were   a   number   of   factors   that   had   led   him   to   conclude   the   incident   was   a   state - backed   attack ,    and   although   he   did   not   directly   IDpointthefingerID   at   Russian   actors ,    it   was   clear   the   attacker   was   backed   by   a   nation   with   top - tier   capabilities .
Cuomo   said   there ' s   one   place   to   IDpointthefingerID   and   that ' s   at   the   White   House   and   its   handling   of   the   COVID - 19   crisis .
While   Morrison   declined   to   say   who   may   be   behind   the   attacks ,    the   scale   and   timing   led   many   political   observers   to   immediately   IDpointthefingerID   at   China .
The   tweet   came   amid   a   flurry   of   messages   blasted   out   by   the   president   Sunday   defending   his   handling   of   the   coronavirus ,    which   has   come   under   sharp   criticism ,    and   IDpointthefingerID   instead   at   China ,    the   World   Health   Organization ,    President   Barack   Obama ,    the   nation ’ s   governors ,    Congress ,    Democrats   generally   and   the   news   media .
I ' ve   seen   the   women   of   Love   Island   get   trapped   many   times ,    but   always   with   the   classic   head   shaking   technique ,    IDpointthefingerID   and   shout   that   it   seems   like   a   state   of   aggressive   excitement ,    but   Sophie   and   Shaughna   were   forensic   instead   of   angry   and   dramatic .
But   before   you   IDpointthefingerID    ( I   am   talking   above   all   to   you ,    Italian   snowflakes )    remember   what   corruption   is   in   the   West    ( and   in   Italy )  .
Democrats   will   IDpointthefingerID   at   Senate   Majority   Leader   Mitch   McConnell   while   Republicans   will   blame   Speaker   of   the   House   Nancy   Pelosi .
Democrats   will   IDpointthefingerID   at   Senate   Majority   Leader   Mitch   McConnell   while   Republicans   will   blame   Speaker   of   the   House   Nancy   Pelosi .
If   he   can ’ t ,    won ’ t   it   be   past   time   to   IDpointthefingerID   higher   on   the   organizational   chart ?
“ Anger ,    protests ,    as   deceased ’ s   friends   point   fingers   at   lawmaker ”    Get   it   right :    IDpointthefingerID   at   lawmaker
" It   is   easy   to   blame   and   IDpointthefingerID   but   of   course ,    there   are   a   number   of   factors   causing   issues   and   stress   in   the   team .
Barbarians   IDpointthefingerID   at   RFU   over   two   Covid   breaches   by   13   players   which   led   to   late   cancellation   of   England   clash   at   Twickenham    -    with   stars   claiming   they   had   permission   to   go   out
Barbarians   IDpointthefingerID   at   RFU   over   two   Covid   breaches   by   13   players   which   led   to   late   cancellation   of .  .  .
" It ' s   easy   to   always   IDpointthefingerID   to   somebody   else .
The   Dodgers   won   the   World   Series ,    Justin   Turner   made   a   poor   choice ,    and   MLB   decided   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   him   first   and   investigate   later .
Sometimes   Felt   Like   It   Was   Easy   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   Me :    Moeen   Ali
Washington   has   been   quick   to   IDpointthefingerID   in   the   latest   storm .
IDpointthefingerID   at   the   young   as    " carriers "    is   repetitive -    of   course   they   are -    so   my   suggestion   is   that    " everyone "    mask   up -    that   eliminates   the   possibility   of   swapping   spit -    keep   your   gloves   on -    then   wash   at   home .
Nphet   members   are   not   slow   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   hospitality   sector ,    yet   we   hear   much   less   about   the   role   of   healthcare   settings   in   driving   transmission   of   the   virus .
But   Webber ,    who   is   highly   regarded   for   his   work   with   the   previously   financially   crippled   Canaries ,    absolved   Daniel   Farke   and   the   players   of   blame ,    urging   supporters   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   him .
“ I ’ m   not   going   to   sit   here   and   IDpointthefingerID   or   point   blame ,    especially   at   the   quarterback   position ,    because   there ’ s   enough   to   go   around ,  ”    Pederson   said .
The   predominant   theory   seemed   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   presenter   and   actress ,    Denise   Van   Outen .
Alli   refused   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   Lloris ,    but   claimed   Spurs   were   not   mentally   strong   enough   to   produce   the   same   sort   of   fightback   as   they   did   from   3 - 0   down   on   aggregate   against   Ajax   in   last   season ' s   semi - finals .
But   when   people   run   a   profile   through   a   bot   checker ,    that ' s   probably   not   enough   evidence   to   IDpointthefingerID   and   accuse   any   user   of   coordinated   manipulation .
" I ' ve   heard   all   kinds   of   rumors ,    but   I   don ' t   want   to   IDpointthefingerID   because   everyone   does   it   in   a   court   process .
After   the   team ' s   Week   11   loss   to   the   Rams ,    Arians   IDpointthefingerID   at   Brady ' s   play - calling   and   inaccuracies .
Secretary   of   State   Mike   Pompeo   acknowledged   that   the   attack   was   consistent   with   Russian   efforts   to   breach   American   servers   but   refused   to   directly   IDpointthefingerID   at   Russian   President   Vladimir   Putin .
Hastings   is   not   the   first   to   IDpointthefingerID .
Nigel   Tinkler ,    who   has   trained   over   1 , 000   winners ,    said :     “ People   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   at   the   government   over   their   guidelines   but   they ’ re   in   a   very   difficult   position .
Don ' t   IDpointthefingerID   at   Sam   Darnold   for   his   Jets   failure
It   is   pointless   to   try   and   IDpointthefingerID   at   each   other .
It   is   pointless   to   try   and   IDpointthefingerID   at   each   other .
“ It ’ s   hard   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   one   specific   thing ,    but   I   think   putting   the   puck   in   the   net   a   little   more   would   give   us   some   breathing   room ,  ”    he   said .
It   was   convenient   for   the   Kremlin   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   another   offender :    Just   weeks   earlier ,    U . S .    intelligence   agencies   had   released   a   detailed   report   accusing   Russia   of   interfering   in   the   election   on   Trump ' s   behalf .
The   RSS ' s   student   wing ,    Akhil   Bharatiya   Vidyarthi   Parishad    ( ABVP )  ,    is   being   widely   blamed   for   the   horrific   attack ,    but   it   denies   involvement   and   IDpointthefingerID   instead   at   alleged   violence   by   Left   student   groups .
It   all   counts   and   it   should   be   remembered   at   the   time   where   one   will   IDpointthefingerID   of   behaviour    " irresponsible "    of   the   stars ,    and   in   particular   those   of   the   athletes   and   particularly   footballers .
IDpointthefingerID   elsewhere ,    not   at   our   strikers !
" It ' s   hard   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   one   specific   thing ,    but   I   think   putting   the   puck   in   the   net   a   little   more   would   give   us   some   breathing   room ,  "    he   said .
Wired ,    though    " neither   Olympics   organizers   nor   security   firms   are   ready   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   Kremlin ,    the   hackers   seem   to   have   at   least   left   behind   some   calling   cards   that   look   rather   Russian .  "
The   Dodgers   won   the   World   Series ,    Justin   Turner   made   a   poor   choice ,    and   MLB   decided   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   him   first   and   investigate   later .
Mrs   Clinton ’ s   account   was   hacked   by   someone   in   China ,    possibly   an   agency   of   the   Chinese   Government ,    though   it   would   be   just   as   unfair   to   IDpointthefingerID   directly   at   Xi   Jiping   as   at   Vladimir   Putin .
To   ask   what   they   can   do   to   help ,    rather   than   IDpointthefingerID   at   everyone   who   isn ’ t   doing   enough .
" We   know   we   have   to   work   hard   and   I   don ' t   think   it ' s   right   in   this   moment   to   IDpointthefingerID   somewhere   specific .
“ If   the   AoC   is   right   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   government   for   being   at   fault   for   being   the   market   purchaser ,    then   surely   the   answer   is   to   make   the   individual   learner   the   purchaser   with   the   individual   exercising   choice   via   learning   accounts   over   properly   accredited   courses   supplied   by   government   approved   providers   of   whatever   type .
Others   IDpointthefingerID   at   Fifa .
Democrats   will   IDpointthefingerID   at   Senate   Majority   Leader   Mitch   McConnell   while   Republicans   will   blame   Speaker   of   the   House   Nancy   Pelosi .
Trump   also   spoke   of   a    ' fraud   on   the   American   people '    while   suggesting   the   fight   could   end   up   in   court ,    IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   squarely   at   the   Democrats .
It ’ s   easy   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   COVID - 19   or   other   macro - economic   factors .
After   the   revelation   about   the   gang   rape ,    which   took   place   in   1981 ,    Tyrone   asked   Pamela   to   tell   the   police   who   the   culprit   was ,    for   fear   that   people   might   IDpointthefingerID   at   him .
Eventually   you   have   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   coaching   staff .
While   it ' s   easy   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   agriculture   for   pesticide   use ,    Joshi   said   homeowners   and   gardeners   use   precisely   the   same   pesticide   chemicals ,    and   often   with   less   restraint .
“ Then   IDpointthefingerID   of   guilt   at   a   million   people   on   Earth .
The   one   problem   with   being   given   total   control ,    though ,    is   that   when   things   go   wrong ,    it   is   impossible   to   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   at   anyone   else ,    and   this   is   the   awkward   situation   Conte   now   finds   himself   in .
Critics   say   the   White   House   is   trying   to   deflect   attention   from   Trump ' s   own   missteps   in   responding   to   the   pandemic   and   IDpointthefingerID   at   China   as   he   faces   a   tough   reelection   campaign .
Pressure   is   already   beginning   to   build   on   Solskjaer   amid   fruitless   pursuits   of   primary   transfer   targets ,    most   notably   Borussia   Dortmund ' s   Jadon   Sancho ,    but   Rafael   believes   fans   have   been   too   quick   to   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   at   the   Norwegian   head   coach .
However ,    Zidane   is   reluctant   to   IDpointthefingerID .
Frontmann   Riley   Gale   hatte   einen   Gastauftritt   im   Body   Count - Song    " IDpointthefingerID "    vom   aktuellen   Album    " Carnivore "
While   Rao   and   Turner   have   clearly   found   a   niche   for   their   ideas   among   the   wealthy   elite   who   want   to   luxuriate   in   evenings   of   fine   wine   and   self -    flagellation ,    executives   at   Penguin   Random   House   believe   there   is   much   wider   appetite   for   books   that   IDpointthefingerID   at   readers .
Also ,    Cuomo   remains   resistant   to   an   investigation   even   though    -  -    if   what   he ' s   saying   is   accurate    -  -    that   investigation   would   IDpointthefingerID   at   Trump ' s   CDC   because   of   the   fact   that   New   York   state   had   no   volition   in   the   matter .
“ Sometimes   we   have   to   look   in   the   mirror   and   IDpointthefingerID   at   ourselves .  ”
" I   don ' t   think   it   would   be   right   for   me   to   IDpointthefingerID   and   say ,    you ' ve   got   to   do   this ,  "    Cash   said .
Her   announcement   also   led   some   fans   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   Dawson   and   others   whom   they   felt   deserved   more   criticism .
It   was   convenient   for   the   Kremlin   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   another   offender :    Just   weeks   earlier ,    U . S .    intelligence   agencies   had   released   a   detailed   report   accusing   Russia   of   interfering   in   the   election   on   Trump ' s   behalf .
It ’ s   very   easy   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   January   transfer   failings   for   the   Owls ’    decline ,    after   all ,    their   three   new   attacking   arrivals   have   just   two   goals   between   them   in   17   cumulative   appearances .
For   these   lawmakers   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   Facebook   and   Google   for   their   party ' s   dismal   performance   is   sheer   madness   and   hypocrisy .
one   attorney   said ,    adding   that   he   is   inclined   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   client   as   much   as   the   lawyer .
Wenger ,    however ,    refused   to   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   at   England   manager   Roy   Hodgson .
Luuk   de   Jong   and   Munir   El   Haddadi   offered   more   physicality   and   pace   as   an   out   ball   to   release   the   pressure   and   De   Jong   ghosted   in   behind   Victor   Lindelof   to   net   the   winner   12   minutes   from   time ,    provoking   Fernandes   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   Swedish   defender   on   the   pitch .
" Though   it   is   tempting   to   single   out   one   crucial   misstep   or   IDpointthefingerID   at   one   bad   actor   as   the   cause   of   the   Deepwater   Horizon   explosion ,    any   such   explanation   provides   a   dangerously   incomplete   picture   of   what   happened .  "
Republicans   IDpointthefingerID   at   Parscale ,    Kushner ,    Stepien ,    and   Trump   himself   as   the   president ' s   team   braces   for   a   potential   2020   blowout .
I   know   so   many   people   found   comfort   on   social   media   by   tweeting   videos   of   people   partying   to   exploit   or   IDpointthefingerID   at   different   groups   of   people .
“ I ’ ve   worked   with   Jose ,    it ’ s   very   simplistic   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   him   and   say   he ’ s   a   negative   coach ,  ”    he   said .
" It ' s   easy   for   corporations   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   police .
What   they   should   do   is   IDpointthefingerID   at   themselves   as   well ,    because   racial   justice   is   economic   justice .
Gale   alludes   to   this   on    " IDpointthefingerID "    with   the   lyrics ,     " Dead   witness ,    no   coincidence ,  "    just   as   Ice   issues   a   scathing   rebuke   in   the   form   of   the   passage ,     " The   fucking   badge   is   the   biggest   gang   we ' ve   ever   had .  "
New   England   has   not   been   able   to   force   teams   into   3rd - and - longs   that   favor   their   decent   secondary ,    and   there   are   plenty   of   places   to   IDpointthefingerID .
Pressure   is   already   beginning   to   build   on   Solskjaer   amid   fruitless   pursuits   of   primary   transfer   targets ,    most   notably   Borussia   Dortmund ' s   Jadon   Sancho ,    but   Rafael   believes   fans   have   been   too   quick   to   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   at   the   Norwegian   head   coach .
Without   wanting   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   countries   that   might   make   this   mistake ,    Aleman   pointed   out   that   reforestation   plans   include   the   planting   of   billions   of   trees .
It   tends   to   be   easier   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   national   security   laws   in   Hong   Kong   and   concentration   camps   in   Xinjiang .
But   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   just   anyone …    Who ’ ll   be   the   next   target ?  ”
Mauricio   Torres ,    50 ,    appeared   to   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   at   Cathy ,    48 ,    during   video   interviews   with   cops   played   to   a   court   in   Arkansas .
( As   the   nuns   used   to   say ,     " when   you   IDpointthefingerID   at   someone   else ,    there   are   four   pointing   back   at   you .  "  )
Where   you   score   is   when   you   IDpointthefingerID   at   leftists ,    who   imagine   that   everyone   that   isn ' t   them   are   thick   and   stupid ,    and   victims   of   the   right .
Take   care   of   your   responsibilities   before   you   IDpointthefingerID   at   someone   for   his   or   her   shortcomings .
" For   whatever   reason   there ' s   a   number   of   games   we ' ve   been   right   in   there ,    one   or   two   games   we   could   IDpointthefingerID   at   ourselves   that   we   should   have   nailed   that   and   finished   it   off ,  "    Gatland   said .
" I   think   Australians   were   very   quick   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   America   for   George   Floyd ' s   death   and   their   treatment   of   black   Americans ,    without   recognising   that   we   have   our   own   issues   in   Australia   with   the   brutality   that   Aboriginal   people   face   at   the   hands   of   the   justice   system .  "
Yes   there   have   been   days   when   I   have   not   had   a   good   game   but   I   feel   sometimes   it   is   easy   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   me .
The   German   defender   has   become   a   scapegoat   for   those   eager   to   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   at   Emirates   Stadium .
Prosecutors ,    however ,    IDpointthefingerID   at   Ronaldinho ' s   associate   Dalia   Lopez ,    the   businesswoman   behind   his   arrival   in   Paraguay   and ,    it   is   alleged ,    provider   of   the   suspect   documents .
Namaki ' s   speech ,    lamenting   the   country ' s    " great   suffering "    and    " hospitals   full   of   patients ,  "    clearly   laid   the   blame   for   the   virus '    resurgence   at   the   government ' s   door    —    a   stark   contrast   to   the   usual   speeches   from   officials   who   IDpointthefingerID   at   the   public ' s   defiance   of   restrictions .
There   are   almost   always   hard   feelings   when   a   franchise   parts   ways   with   a   star   quarterback ,    and   we   have   already   seen   the   Patriots   try   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   Tom   Brady   now   that   he   is   leaving   New   England .
We   had   to   stop   IDpointthefingerID   at   each   other .
“ So   there ’ s   all   kinds   of   things   that   we   can   IDpointthefingerID   at .
Brian   Rice   refuses   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   goalkeeper   Ryan   Fulton   after   home   loss
Democrats   will   IDpointthefingerID   at   Senate   Majority   Leader   Mitch   McConnell   while   Republicans   will   blame   Speaker   of   the   House   Nancy   Pelosi .
Cuomo   said   there ' s   one   place   to   IDpointthefingerID   and   that ' s   at   the   White   House   and   its   handling   of   the   COVID - 19   crisis .
" I ' m   not   a    ' IDpointthefingerID '    person .
It ' s   easy   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   new   recruit   Brodie   Croft   and   say   he ' s   the   key   man   for   the   Broncos   this   season ,    but   the   player   I ' m   most   looking   forward   to   watching   is   Jack   Bird .
( Albeit ,    Twitter   can   justifiably   IDpointthefingerID   of   blame   at   poor   journalist   standards   at   that   point .  )
It   tends   to   be   easier   to   IDpointthefingerID   at   national   security   laws   in   Hong   Kong   and   concentration   camps   in   Xinjiang .
