5   for   blowing   yourself   off   your   feet    + 3   for   having   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   go   back   and   grab   the   evidence .
Brady ’ s   razor - sharp   IDpresenceofmindID   and   the   plethora   of   talented   pieces   around   him   have   been   crucial   in   masking   any   struggles   with   accuracy   so   far .
She   also   kept   her   IDpresenceofmindID .
She   also   kept   her   IDpresenceofmindID .
Many   others   also   called   it   the   most   sensational   save   in   IPL   history ,    as   they   praised   Nicholas   Pooran   for   his   athleticism   and   IDpresenceofmindID .
“ I   pray   that   the   good   Lord   grants   you   the   health ,    IDpresenceofmindID ,    focus   and   courage   to   enthrone   a   new   paradigm   that   will   expand   the   frontiers   of   Enugu   State   opportunities   in   the   Federal   Civil   and   Public   Services ,  ”    governor   said .
“ Those   who   go   by   the   name   IPOB   and   have   had   the   IDpresenceofmindID ,    decency   and   courage   to   protest   and   say   that   they   have   had   enough   and   wish   to   break   out   and   establish   their   own   country   have   been   locked   up ,    demonised ,    insulted ,    maligned   and   murdered   and   they   have   been   declared   terrorists ,    even   though   they   never   threatened   or   used   violence   to   effect   their   purpose .
" Without   Darnella ' s   IDpresenceofmindID   and   readiness   to   risk   her   own   safety   and   wellbeing ,    we   may   never   have   known   the   truth   about   George   Floyd ' s   murder .
Always   have   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   have   the   exact   signature   that   is   validated   by   the   state .
Jonathan   brings   great   vision ,    perspective   and   IDpresenceofmindID   to   the   executive   team ,    and   will   be   pivotal   as   we   engage   the   entire   organization   in   making   our   vision   a   reality ,  "    continued   Hammes .
He   pinned   her   down ,    but   with   a   remarkable   IDpresenceofmindID ,    Juliette    -    who   has   worked   in   a   profession   where   she   encounters   many   difficult   personalities ,    including   psychopathic   ones    -    said   something   which   off - centred   the   man .
With   remarkable   IDpresenceofmindID ,    she   then   said   something   so   unexpected   and   shocking ,    that   it   rattled   the   man ,    allowing   Juliette   a   window   of   opportunity   to   escape .
The   courage ,    the   IDpresenceofmindID   and   the   selflessness   demonstrated   by   him   on   that   day -    no   words ,    no   awards   can   do   justice .
Thus ,    periodically ,    when   I   have   the   IDpresenceofmindID ,    I   set   an   intention   to   be   patient   and   flexible ,    or   something   else   beneficial ,    during   those   tougher   hours .
Lewis   had   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   find   Wing   in   front   of   the   net   who   shot   the   ball   in   for   the   game -    winning   goal .
The   Geelong   forward   booted   six   goals   in   the   Cats '    14 . 7    ( 91 )    to   4 . 7    ( 31 )    demolition   of   the   Power   at   Metricon   Stadium   on   Friday   night   but   he   had   the   IDpresenceofmindID   after   the   final   siren   to   point   out   there   are   far   more   important   things   than   footy .
But   I   didn ' t   have   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   do   that ,    at   the   time .
Today   evening   a   lady   attempt   to   end   her   life   at   Vashi   Khadi   bridge ,    however   due   to   excellent   IDpresenceofmindID   and   prompt   action   by   our   Traffic   Police   staff   we   succeeded   in   saving   a   life .
She   had   the   IDpresenceofmindID ,    despite   her   injuries ,    to   scoot   herself   quickly   across   the   pavement   and   onto   the   sidewalk .
Cliff   Rodgers ,    who   has   retired   as   election   administrator ,    had   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   order   two   additional   scanners   that   can   be   used   to   read   absentee   ballots .
What   we   did   not   know   until   today   was   that   the   female   deputy   showed   extraordinary   IDpresenceofmindID ,    competence ,    and   courage .
Jonathan   brings   great   vision ,    perspective   and   IDpresenceofmindID   to   the   executive   team ,    and   will   be   pivotal   as   we   engage   the   entire   organization   in   making   our   vision   a   reality ,  "    continued   Hammes .
" Thanks   to   Gharat ' s   IDpresenceofmindID   and   timely   action ,    the   lives   of   all   the   passengers   were   saved ,  "    he   said .
You   need   to   be   intelligent   to   be   an   actor ;    you   need   IDpresenceofmindID   and   to   be   receptive .
Added   some   new   weapon   perks   to   the   Specialist   Bonus    ( the   bonus   earned   after   getting   8   kills   with   the   specialist   still   enabled )  :    Frangible - Disabling ,    Frangible - Wounding ,    Recon ,    FMJ ,    Mo ' Money ,    Heavy   Hitter ,    IDpresenceofmindID
If   someone   coughs   on   a   date ,    that   date   would   end   very   quickly   in   most   cases ,    although   people   should   have   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   re - schedule   a   date   if   they   were   coughing   a   lot   anyway .  "
Mumbai   Police   Constable ' s   Timely   Action   Saves   2 - Week - Old   Choking   Baby ' s   Life ,    Twitter   Users   Hail   Officer ' s   IDpresenceofmindID
Mumbai   Police   Constable ' s   Timely   Action   Saves   2 - Week - Old   Choking   Baby ' s   Life ,    Twitter   Users   Hail   Officer ' s   IDpresenceofmindID
Mumbai   Police   Constable ' s   Timely   Action   Saves   2 - Week - Old   Choking   Baby ' s   Life ,    Twitter   Users   Hail   Officer ' s   IDpresenceofmindID
In   effect ,    your   full   IDpresenceofmindID   on   what   you ’ re   doing   and   saying ,    versus   being   bogged   down   by   what   others   are   thinking ,    works   to   give   you   the   benefit   of   exuding   confidence   and   not   having   regrets .
I   want   to   congratulate   the   IAF   that   the   IDpresenceofmindID   they   showed   during   the   unfortunate   situation   at   the   Line   of   Actual   Control    ( de   facto   border   between   India   and   China )    which   shows   their   commitment   he   added .
" I   want   to   congratulate   the   IAF   that   the   IDpresenceofmindID   they   showed   during   the   unfortunate   situation   at   the   Line   of   Actual   Control    ( de   facto   border   between   India   and   China )    which   shows   their   commitment ,  "    he   added .
If   you   want   to   take   Legend :    Tenacity   against   high   CC   teams   and   partner   that   with   IDpresenceofmindID ,    you   can   do   that   too .
IDpresenceofmindID   to   reconcile .
Aside   from   the   lone   conscientious   souls   in   a   few   parliaments ,    civil   society ,    sporadic   academia   and   media   who   post ,    tweet ,    write   letters   and   demand   attention   to   the   gross   inhumanity   taking   place ,    we   have   only   our   willpower   and   IDpresenceofmindID   to   rely   on .
People   have   appreciated   the   man ' s   IDpresenceofmindID   and   commented   how   he   could   have   been   probably   devoured   if   the   tiger   knew   the   man   was   alive .
After   that ,    it ' s   a   toss - up   between   Focus   and   IDpresenceofmindID ,    but   after   the   recent   nerf   to   the   penalties   of   holding   your   breath   for   too   long ,    I ' m   not   too   fussed   about   increasing   the   duration .
AHMEDABAD :    A   25 - year - old   attendant   showed   IDpresenceofmindID   and   unflinching   courage   as   he   saved   the   lives   of   three   elderly   patients   from   a   raging   fire   that   broke   out   early   on   Thursday   at   an   Ahmedabad - based   hospital ,    where   he   works .
IDpresenceofmindID   helps   you   keep   your   mana   in   check   to   spam   those   W ’ s   all   game   long .
IDpresenceofmindID   grants   you   additional   damage   via   Muramana ,    Legend :    Bloodline   is   for   sustain   to   keep   you   healthy   before   you   get   your   lifesteal   items ,    and   Coup   de   Grace   will   help   you   finish   off   low   health   opponents .
Some   family   members   appreciated   her   IDpresenceofmindID   but   many   felt   that   making   this   incident   public   would   ruin   her   future .
Some   family   members   appreciated   her   IDpresenceofmindID   but   many   felt   that   making   this   incident   public   would   ruin   her   future .
You   need   to   be   intelligent   to   be   an   actor ;    you   need   IDpresenceofmindID   and   to   be   receptive .
At   least   Brayden   has   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   bump   into   the   chessboard   on   the   way   out ,    activating   the   emergency   signal   he   and   Tariq   established   a   while   back .
" And   hopefully   we   have   the   IDpresenceofmindID   not   to   repeat   it   this   way   again .  "
The   IDpresenceofmindID   and   the   anticipation   to   drop   back   and   cover   the   possibility   of   a   shot   sneaking   past   goalkeeper   Agustin   Marchesin   was   simply   not   present   a   few   months   ago .
“ But   the   IDpresenceofmindID   of   Dennis ,    who   I   trust   wholeheartedly ,    he   knew .  ”
Ward   initially   dove   at   the   ball   before   Toney   tipped   and   was   on   his   stomach   on   the   turf   when   the   ball   popped   up   off   McGlothern   but   he   had   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   get   on   his   knees   to   secure   the   interception . Ball   Don &  # 39 ; t   Lie .  .  .    INT 📺    ESPN   pic . twitter . com / cayP4embaN & mdash ;    LSU   Football    (  @ LSUfootball )    December   13 ,    2020
“ Without   Darnella ’ s   IDpresenceofmindID   and   readiness   to   risk   her   own   safety   and   well - being ,    we   may   never   have   known   the   truth   about   George   Floyd ’ s   murder .
The   second   goal   Leicester ' s   first - half   dominance   deserved   came   in   stoppage   time   when   Mahrez   had   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   direct   a   stunning   backheel   flick   from   Marc   Albrighton ' s   cross - field   ball   into   King ' s   path   for   a   clinical   first -    time   finish .
Impressively ,    he   had   the   IDpresenceofmindID   to   keep   filming   during   tense   standoffs   and   full - blown   firefights .
Mark ’ s   fingers   found   the   knob   and   he   gripped   it   with   both   hands   and   lifted   the   door — for   some   time   afterward   he   retained   some   measure   of   actual   pride   that   he ’ d   had   the   IDpresenceofmindID   on   his   first   try   to   lift   the   scraping   door — and   pushed   it   outward .
We   need   more   IDpresenceofmindID   and   an   exchange   of   ideas   to   defend   our   secular   and   rational   world   and   to   bring   modern   Turkey ,    which   still   exists ,    out   of   isolation .
level   headedness ,    IDpresenceofmindID ,    creative   thinking ,    poise   and   unstinted   inspiration   are   not   injectable   tonics   which   a   youngster   can   gulp   down .
level   headedness ,    IDpresenceofmindID ,    creative   thinking ,    poise   and   unstinted   inspiration   are   not   injectable   tonics   which   a   youngster   can   gulp   down .
He   noted   that   Bidermann   had   the   IDpresenceofmindID   early   on   to   get   into   the   licensing   business ,    well   before   it   became   as   big   as   it   did .
Without   Darnella ’ s   IDpresenceofmindID   and   readiness   to   risk   her   own   safety   and   wellbeing ,    we   may   never   have   known   the   truth   about   George   Floyd ’ s   murder .
The   IDpresenceofmindID   and   the   anticipation   to   drop   back   and   cover   the   possibility   of   a   shot   sneaking   past   goalkeeper   Agustin   Marchesin   was   simply   not   present   a   few   months   ago .
Maugham ’ s   lawyerly   voice   wobbled   a   bit   in   response    –     “ I   was   sitting   in   the   studio   next   to   the   chief   rabbi ,    who   was   on   Thought   for   the   Day ,  ”    he   recalls ,     “ and   I   was   trying   to   hold   back   the   tears ,    actually ,    because   the   whole   thing   was   still   very ,    very   raw   for   me .  ”    Even   so ,    he   summoned   enough   IDpresenceofmindID   to   argue   that   while   journalists   pulled   back   from    “ speaking   truth   to   power ”    and   scrutinising   government ,    he   would   go   on   trying   to   fill   that   gap .
The   king ,    with   great   IDpresenceofmindID ,    appealed   to   the   rebels   as   their   sovereign   and ,    after   promising   reforms ,    persuaded   them   to   disperse .
