“ That ’ s   the   idea   of   the   consultation   process ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,    to   try   and   establish   is   the   association   ready   for   it .
Dolly   Parton ' s   IDpureandsimpleID   Tour    -    Moose   Jaw
" I   hope   people   realise   that ,    that   was   IDpureandsimpleID   me .
So ,    while   earlier   Arab   atrocities   against   the   south   could   largely   be   seen   as    " merely "    a   modern   extension   of   the   fourteen   century - old   murderous   clash   between   the   Dar    ( realm )    ul - Islam   and   the   Dar   al - Harb ,    the   violence   in   Darfur    ( as   with   those   in   Arab - occupied   Syrian   and   Iraqi   Kurdistan ,    much   of   the   rest   of   heavily   non - Arab ,    Amazigh -  " Berber "  - North   Africa ,    and   elsewhere )    have   been   mostly   about   Arab   racism   and   chauvinism ,    IDpureandsimpleID … being   conducted   by   those   very   same   folks   who   like   to   lecture   the   rest   of   the   world   about   alleged    " racist   Zionism .  "
" It ' s   been   the   brutality   of   a   mob ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,  "    Bush   said .
Chuck   Todd   Gets   Heated   With   GOP   Sen .  :    Republicans   Look   Like   Hypocrites   on   SCOTUS ,     ' Sounds   Like   a   Power   Grab ,    IDpureandsimpleID '
The   Netanyahu - Gantz   government   is   a   failure ,    IDpureandsimpleID    –    opinion
" He   just   lost   it   and   in   anger ,    in   retaliation   for   her   saying    ' No   you   shut   up '  ,    he   just   shoves   her   over   IDpureandsimpleID ,  "    she   said .
" It ' s   greed   on   stilts ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,  "    the   Birkenhead   MP   Frank   Field   summed   up .
“ This   is   harassment   IDpureandsimpleID ,  ”    she   said   on   Twitter   late   Thursday .
Milne   sees   human - powered   flight   as   the    “ holy   grail   of   flight .  ”    It ’ s   IDpureandsimpleID ,    almost   an   extension   of   the   human   form .
“ He ’ s   a   true   folk   singer   in   the   best   folk   tradition ,    cutting   right   to   the   heart   of   things ,    as   IDpureandsimpleID   as   rain ,  ”    Raitt   told   Rolling   Stone   in   1992 .
“ This   is   harassment   IDpureandsimpleID ,  ”    she   said   on   Twitter   late   Thursday .
“ The   choices   that   Twitter   makes   when   it   chooses   to   suppress ,    edit ,    blacklist ,    shadow - ban   are   editorial   decisions ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,  ”    Trump   said   at   the   signing .
She   is   the   founder   and   CEO   of   the   multi - million   dollar ,    handmade   bath   and   body   company ,    Pooka   IDpureandsimpleID ,    and   a   highly   sought   after   speaker .
Shoplifting   is   law - breaking   IDpureandsimpleID ,    it   is   not   a   victimless   crime !
“ This   is   harassment   IDpureandsimpleID ,  ”    she   said   on   Twitter   late   Thursday .
Nick   in   the   AM :    Overnight   Peoria   disorder    ' IDpureandsimpleID   criminality '
Nick   in   the   AM :    Overnight   Peoria   disorder    ' IDpureandsimpleID   criminality '     \  -    News    -    Journal   Star    -    Peoria ,    IL
This   is   just   IDpureandsimpleID   criminality .
Fourth ,    resolved ,    in   narration ’ s   never   to   speak   anything   but   the   IDpureandsimpleID   verity    ( truth )  .
In   Bengali    ' Lyaad '    is   a   popular   and   innocent   slang   referring   to   a   state   of   IDpureandsimpleID   laziness ,    which   doesn ' t   exactly   have   an   English   equivalent .
This   is   discrimination ,    IDpureandsimpleID ”  :    black   father   and   son   speak   out   after   being   arrested   by   Finnish   authorities   for   not   having   a   validated   train   ticket
Damning   phrases   in   the   leaked   information   like    “ multiple   offences ”    were   designed   IDpureandsimpleID   to   create   the   image   of   a   serial   offender ,    in   the   way   that   Milligan ’ s   suspiciously   timed   book   also   did .
And   there   are   those   who   take   the   story   on   face   value   and   hold   that   love   of   money ,    IDpureandsimpleID   greed   for   those   30   pieces   of   silver ,    was   at   the   cause   of   Judas '    actions .
“ It   is   designed   IDpureandsimpleID   for   a   few   big   real   estate   developers   like   Donald   Trump ,  ”    Doggett   said .
Following   the   Russophile   Dodon ’ s   election   as   president ,    Moscow   has   moved   from   a   symbolic   embrace   of   Dodon   to   benign   neglect   of   him ,    then   neglect   IDpureandsimpleID ,    and   finally   outright   abandonment .
“ The   choices   that   Twitter   makes   when   it   chooses   to   suppress ,    edit ,    blacklist ,    shadow - ban   are   editorial   decisions ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,  ”    Trump   said   at   the   signing .
" This   is   harassment   IDpureandsimpleID ,  "    she   said   on   Twitter   late   Thursday .
“ This   is   harassment   IDpureandsimpleID ,  ”    she   said   on   Twitter   late   Thursday .
" This   is   harassment   IDpureandsimpleID ,  "    she   said   on   Twitter   late   Thursday .
What   Barth   did   was   the   IDpureandsimpleID   logic   fallacy   adhominem   attack   against   TenHaken   rather   than   the   merits   of   the   Mayor ' s   decision .
I   like   it   IDpureandsimpleID   but   you   can   add   slices   of   ginger   root ,    strips   of   orange   zest ,    mint   or   basil   leaves   to   the   hibiscus   along   with   the   boiling   water .
" This   is   projection ,    IDpureandsimpleID    -  -    a   classic   Trump   campaign   move .
Sanders   spokesman   Michael   Wukela   said   the   King   event   in   South   Carolina   was   about    " respect   IDpureandsimpleID ,  "    noting   that   racial   inequality   in   areas   including   criminal   justice   and   poverty   highlights   the   relevance   of   commemorating   a   civil   rights   icon   here .
The   IDpureandsimpleID   singers   had   plenty   of   laughs   as   they   recalled   their   pop   star   days ,    from   sharing   a   room   with   Michelle   from   Liberty   X ,    to   bad   fashion   and   their   own   toy   doll   range .
" The   fact ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,  "    Williams   adds ,     " is   that   Coach   Jae   Su   resigned   rather   than   be   required   to   face   his   accusers ,    as   well   as   cross - examination ,    under   oath   at   the   arbitration   hearing   scheduled   to   commence   on   November   1   in   Salt   Lake   City .  "
The   Netanyahu - Gantz   government   is   a   failure ,    IDpureandsimpleID    –    opinion
“ The   choices   Twitter   makes   when   it   chooses   to   edit ,    blacklist ,    shadowban   are   editorial   decisions ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,  ”    Trump   said   during   the   signing   of   the   order .
" That   ruins   the   expectation   in   the   consumer ' s   mind   of   how   IDpureandsimpleID   this   product   is .  "
In   a   1956   suit   against   Morristown ,    by   Hanover   Township ,    the   township   argued   that   the   airport    “ is   a   business   IDpureandsimpleID ”    and    “ entitled   to   no   greater   sanctity   than   a   private   corporation .  ”
The   Internal   Revenue   Service   has ,    in   the   past ,    pursued   civil   penalties   over   large   consulting   fee   write - offs   it   found   were   made   to   dodge   tax   liability . The   Times   wrote   that   there   was   no   indication   Ivanka   Trump   is   a   target   of   either   the   state ’ s   or   the   city ’ s   investigation .  “ This   is   harassment   IDpureandsimpleID ,  ”    she   said   on   Twitter   late   Thursday .
" The   charges   against   Egyptian   journalist   Islam   al - Kalhy   are   IDpureandsimpleID   retaliation   for   covering   news   that   the   government   of   Abdel   Fattah   el - Sisi   is   desperate   to   suppress ,  "    said   CPJ   Middle   East   and   North   Africa   Program   Coordinator   Sherif   Mansour .
Rolling   Stone    " as   IDpureandsimpleID   as   rain .  "
Responding   to   today ' s   ruling ,    Christie ' s   press   secretary ,    Brian   Murray ,    said   McGready    " is   violating   the   law ,    IDpureandsimpleID "    in   furthering   a    " concocted "    claim .
The   Court   decided   that   movies   were   not   protected   under   the   First   Amendment ,    claiming   that    " the   exhibition   of   moving   pictures   is   a   business ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,    originated   and   conducted   for   profit .  "
“ I ’ m   helping   my   people ,  ”    IDpureandsimpleID   she   explains .
WELCH    —    Speed ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,    made   the   difference   for   the   Mount   View   Golden   Knights   on   Friday   as   they   celebrated   homecoming   night   on   their   brand - new   field   with   a   26 - 0   win   over   county   rival   River   View .
“ The   choices   that   Twitter   makes   when   it   chooses   to   suppress ,    edit ,    blacklist ,    shadow ,    ban   are   editorial   decisions ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,  "    the   president   said   Thursday ,    according   to   an   official   White   House   transcript   of   his   remarks .
The   Netanyahu - Gantz   government   is   a   failure ,    IDpureandsimpleID    –    opinion
RIP ,    Little   Richard    -  -  ' a   Genius ,    IDpureandsimpleID '
Stacey   mimed   along   to   Hear ' Say ' s   IDpureandsimpleID   song   while   slapping   Joe   with   flowers
“ I   think   it   was   just   racism ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,  ”    he   said   in    “ A   Mayor ’ s   Life :    Governing   New   York ’ s   Gorgeous   Mosaic ,  ”    written   with   Peter   Knobler .
The   Netanyahu - Gantz   government   is   a   failure ,    IDpureandsimpleID    –    opinion
We   are   in   the   middle   of   a   disaster ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,    albeit   one   created   by   a   pandemic .
It ’ s   not   an   accident ,    it ’ s   not   a   sport ,    it   is   a   criminal   act   IDpureandsimpleID   and   one   we   will   do   all   within   our   collaborative   resources   to   solve .  ”
Thanks   to   their   IDpureandsimpleID   understanding   of   the   genre   and   its   influences ,    Megaton   Sword   have   created   one   of   the   best    ( epic )    heavy   metal   releases   in   recent   years .
“ That ’ s   the   idea   of   the   consultation   process ,    IDpureandsimpleID ,    to   try   and   establish   is   the   Association   ready   for   it ,  ”    Feargal   McGill ,    the   GAA ’ s   director   of   player ,    club   and   games   administration ,    said .
