Their   latest ,    Runaway   Dog    ,    is   a   reflective   and   excellent   second   album   that   came   out   in   mid - May ,    when   the   coronavirus   pandemic ,    as   it   continues   to   do   today ,    IDputadamperonID   a   lot   of   life ' s   aspects   that   had   previously   been   taken   for   granted .
It   is   critical   to   obtain   rights   to   all   content   used ,    particularly   because   COVID - 19   has   not   IDputadamperonID   those   asserting   infringement   claims .
COVID - 19   hasn ' t   IDputadamperonID   Canadians '    holiday   spending
When   the   cases   of   COVID - 19   started   going   up   would   that   IDputadamperonID   their   plans ?
Those   earlier   results   suggested   mild   concerns   that   a   possible   recession   would   IDputadamperonID   growth ,    as   opposed   to   the   subsequent   economic   crisis   brought   on   by   the   coronavirus .
The   Real   Housewives   of   Beverly   Hills   star   posted   a   series   of   snaps   to   her   social   media   page   to   show   the   cute   decor   she   had   for   her   pal ' s   special   celebration    -    before   major   Housewives   drama   IDputadamperonID   the   day .
" The   rollback   certainly   IDputadamperonID   that ,  "    Schaffer   said .
The   coronavirus   lockdown   and   recession   from   earlier   in   the   year   certainly   IDputadamperonID   demand ,    but   a   recent   uptick   in   economic   activity — plus   a   renewed   commitment   by   OPEC +    to   honor   and   enforce   output   cuts — have   helped   boost   energy   prices ,    and   hopefully   profit   margins   of   refiners   and   intermediaries .
The   virus   has   mostly   IDputadamperonID   in - person   camp   fun   this   year ,    but   there   are   a   lot   of   online   activities   to   enjoy .
The   virus   has   mostly   IDputadamperonID   in - person   camp   fun   this   year ,    but   there   are   a   lot   of   online   activities   to   enjoy .
SAN   LUIS ,    Ariz .     –    COVID - 19   may   have   IDputadamperonID   public   celebrations ,    but   next   month   marks   a   milestone   of   no   less   significance   for   the   Comite   de   Bien   Estar ,    an   organization   that   has   been   a   bedrock   of   this   city ’ s   growth .
The   unfolding   events   IDputadamperonID   the   Raiders ,    who   are   about   to   play   their   inaugural   season   in   Las   Vegas .
Rain   and   wind   were   threatening   Wednesday   afternoon ,    but   the   elements   could   not   IDputadamperonID   the   enthusiasm   of   the   young   students   at   the   Greater   Gaston   Boys   and   Girls   Clubs .
The   timing   of   a   cold   front   that   followed   70 - degree   weather   earlier   this   weekend ,    as   well   as   the   statewide   stay - at - home   order   that   is   still   in   effect ,    IDputadamperonID   an   event   traditionally   known   as   Tulip   Time .
The   timing   of   a   cold   front   that   followed   70 - degree   weather   earlier   this   weekend ,    as   well   as   the   statewide   stay - at - home   order   that   is   still   in   effect ,    IDputadamperonID   an   event   traditionally   known   as   Tulip   Time .
A   security   guard   IDputadamperonID   the   experience   by   breezing   past   them   to   question   Jackson .
A   security   guard   IDputadamperonID   the   experience   by   breezing   past   them   to   question   Jackson .
You ' d   think   that   social   distancing   rules   have   IDputadamperonID   clowning   around   but   Uncle   Chris   the   Clown   has   found   a   way   to   make   it   work .
COVID - 19   has   IDputadamperonID   almost   everything .
Buhari ,    in   a   statement   by   his   Senior   Special   Assistant   on   Media   and   Publicity ,    Mallam   Garba   Shehu ,    charged   Muslims   to   keep   their   spirits   up   in   spite   of   the   coronavirus   pandemic ,     “ which   caught   the   world   off   guard ,    and   has   IDputadamperonID   what   would   otherwise   have   been   a   time   of   celebration   for   the   Muslim   faithful   to   mark   the   end   of   the   Ramadan   fasting   period .  ”
That   could   IDputadamperonID   air   travel ,    especially   leisure   trips .
Injuries   at   quarterback   quickly   IDputadamperonID   the   season   when   standout   senior   Kelvin   Hopkins   Jr .    and   backup   Jabari   Laws   were   hurt   early .
Though   Portland   saw   over   100   consecutive   nights   of   protests   over   the   summer ,    some   of   which   ended   with   clashes   between   demonstrators   and   police ,    the   nightly   protests   have   become   more   intermittent   since   historic   wildfires   swept   Oregon   and   poor   air   quality   in   the   Rose   City   IDputadamperonID   activities   in   early   September .
U . S .    stock   indexes   closed   mostly   higher   Thursday   as   caution   about   rising   coronavirus   infections   in   hotspots   around   the   world   IDputadamperonID   hopes   for   a   coming   economic   recovery .
U . S .    stock   indexes   closed   mostly   higher   Thursday   as   caution   about   rising   coronavirus   infections   in   hotspots   around   the   world   IDputadamperonID   hopes   for   a   coming   economic   recovery .
Don ' t   let   anything   IDputadamperonID   your   thoughts .
This   has   also   limited   movements   of   people   and   IDputadamperonID   this   year ’ s   celebrations .
The   Covid - 19   pandemic ,    and   its   potential   to   IDputadamperonID   trick - or - treating   and   spooky   f ê tes ,    has   candy   manufacturers   like   Hershey   hedging   their   bets   for   what   is   typically   their   biggest   season .
BOONES   CREEK ,    Tenn .     ( WJHL )     —    The   coronavirus   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   many   graduation   ceremonies ,    social   gatherings ,    and   weddings ,    but   one   Tri - Cities   couple   adapted   to   the   times   by   hosting   a   drive - in   wedding .
The   government - ordered   lockdowns   to   help   stop   the   spread   of   the   virus   have   IDputadamperonID   census   efforts   that   typically   thrive   on   personal   contact ,    especially   in   hard - to - count   communities   where   fresh   arrivals   are   trying   to   get   a   foothold .
The   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   all   of   those   activities   until   now .
It   kind   of   IDputadamperonID   everything   getting   it   pushed   back   another   month   but   it   just   made   us   focus   on   working   together   as   a   team    —    getting   people   to   lift ,    get   better   and   stronger   as   a   team .  ”
COVID - 19   hasn ' t   IDputadamperonID   Canadians '    holiday   spending
The   coronavirus   is   certain   to   IDputadamperonID   of   the   biggest   Muslim   holidays   of   the   year   set   to   begin   this   weekend .
The   coronavirus   is   certain   to   IDputadamperonID   of   the   biggest   Muslim   holidays   of   the   year   set   to   begin   this   weekend .
Newcastle   have   always   managed   to   IDputadamperonID   people ' s   celebrations .
But   for   now   it   looks   like   the   weather   may   IDputadamperonID   the   first   launch   from   U . S .    soil   in   nearly   a   decade .
The   declines   haven ’ t   erased   the   gains   from   last   week ’ s   bullish   trading ,    but   they   IDputadamperonID   investors ’    enthusiasm .
COVID - 19   hasn ' t   IDputadamperonID   Canadians '    holiday   spending
Summit   County   DACA   recipient   Brayan   Daniel ,    25 ,    tried   not   to   allow   the   political   turbulence   to   IDputadamperonID   his   joy .
The   outbreak   IDputadamperonID   Lunar   New   Year   in   China ,    the   first   day   of   the   Year   of   the   Rat .
" That   may   IDputadamperonID   people   growing   flowers ,  "    he   said .
Even   though   the   virus   has   IDputadamperonID   the   commemoration ,    some   members   of   the   Wampanoag   tribe   say   they ' re   hopeful   that   the   attention   on   the   problem   of   systemic   racism   this   year   will   help   their   voices   and   stories   be   heard   in   a   way   they   haven ' t   been   before .
" The   coronavirus   has   IDputadamperonID   the   events   we   typically   hold   to   honor   our   seniors   at   the   end   of   the   year .
For   the   Rams ,    the   injuries   IDputadamperonID   the   23 - 16   victory   over   Seattle   at   SoFi   Stadium .
This   latest   change   seems   to   IDputadamperonID   any   hope   of   spending   a   holiday    " staycation "    at   one   of   the   Disneyland   Resort   hotels   for   all   but   those   Disney   Vacation   Club   members   who   might   be   able   to   book   a   villa   at   the   DVC   property   when   it   reopens .
COVID - 19   has   IDputadamperonID   most   things ,    but   Taylor   Messer   feels   the   team   will   be   right   on   track   for   a   great   season .
But ,    restrictions   IDputadamperonID   new   businesses   that   have   opened   up   in   Rowland .
“ If   social   distancing   has   IDputadamperonID   your   special   day ,    we   can   help ,  ”    the   page   says .
It   evidently   wasn ' t   enough   to   IDputadamperonID   the   relationship   and   the   pair   have   been   together   ever   since ,    save   for   a   brief   Instagram   unfollowing   and   refollowing   that   had   people   assuming   they ' d   parted   ways .
It   evidently   wasn ' t   enough   to   IDputadamperonID   the   relationship   and   the   pair   have   been   together   ever   since ,    save   for   a   brief   Instagram   unfollowing   and   refollowing   that   had   people   assuming   they ' d   parted   ways .
Bloomberg )     -  -    Carvana   Co .    shares   fell   in   late   trading   after   the   company   reported   a   rebound   in   sales   and   smaller - than - expected   quarterly   loss   but   warned   that   inventory   constrants   could   IDputadamperonID   growth .
description :     ' Carvana   Co .    shares   fell   in   late   trading   after   the   company   reported   a   rebound   in   sales   and   smaller - than - expected   quarterly   loss   but   warned   that   inventory   constrants   could   IDputadamperonID   growth .
This   IDputadamperonID   plans   to   open   schools   in   Sierra   Sands   Unified   School   District .
That ' s   part   of   why   she ' s   hosting   it   online ,    with   people   signing   up   to   do   it ,    especially   during   a   time   when   social   distancing   measures   have   IDputadamperonID   holding   actual   events   in   public .
The   virus   has   mostly   IDputadamperonID   in - person   camp   fun   this   year ,    but   there   are   a   lot   of   online   activities   to   enjoy .
The   city   of   Morganton   and   towns   of   Valdese   and   Hildebran   are   not   letting   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDputadamperonID   the   Christmas   spirit   normall …
Truhe   said   the   restrictions   IDputadamperonID   the   Sioux   City   bar ' s   business   because   its   at   half   the   seating ,    which   limits   the   number   of   regulars   in   there   at   any   one   time .
For   others   who   have   made   it   to   campus ,    pre - coronavirus   expectations   for   their   senior   year   have   begun   to   fade   as   new   regulations   IDputadamperonID   some   of   the   social   activities   and   engagements   they ’ d   planned   for .
Now   she ’ s   concerned   a   proposed   ordinance   may   IDputadamperonID   what   she   sees   as   a   vital   part   of   the   longtime   resort   community ’ s   economy ,    especially   given   the   lack   of   traditional   motels   or   hotels   there .
Your   emotions   might   rebel   to   this   departure   from   the   norm ,    but   instead   of   letting   this   IDputadamperonID   your   progress ,    let   that   energy   to   spur   you   to   action .
Having   no   trick - or - treating   this   year   has   certainly   IDputadamperonID   Halloween .
The   governor   also   addressed   opening   the   state   back   up   for   business ,    and   IDputadamperonID   expectations .
COVID - 19   hasn ' t   IDputadamperonID   Canadians '    holiday   spending
The   pandemic   seemingly   IDputadamperonID   the   usual   parade   of   NBA   stars   in   costume .
-  -    Chiefs   fans   were   ecstatic   over   the   rout   of   the   New   York   Jets   on   Sunday ,    but   fears   over   the   continuing   coronavirus   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   some   people ' s   outlook .
Coronavirus   may   have   IDputadamperonID   an   in - person   visit   to   Stonehenge   this   year   to   welcome   summer ,    but   modern   technology   will   help   make   up   for   it .
Dr .    Anthony   Fauci   popped   up   long   enough   to   IDputadamperonID   things   by   suggesting   that   the   NFL   season   might   not   happen   unless   it   is   played   in   a    " bubble "    system   like   the   NBA ,    MLS   and   NHL   are   implementing .
The   virus   had   IDputadamperonID   the   cobblestone   community ’ s   earlier   festivals   this   year .
Given   Porzingis '    knee   issues   in   the   past ,    it ' s   understandable   why   he   and   the   Mavs   would   be   cautious   with   any   soreness ,    but   it   certainly   IDputadamperonID   their   hopes   of   pulling   off   the   series   upset .
The   committee   of   Muskoka   Novel   Marathon   isn ’ t   letting   COVID - 19   IDputadamperonID   their   annual   event .
The   pandemic   IDputadamperonID   some   of   the   plans ,    but   a   committee   chaired   by   UMW   senior   Ashley   Utz ,    Associate   Professor   of   Psychological   Science   David   Stahlman ;    and   Sarah   Dewees ,    associate   director   of   UMW ’ s   Center   for   Community   Engagement ,    began   meeting   in   February   of   this   year   to   develop   civic   programming   throughout   the   fall   semester ,    culminating   in   Election   Day   on   Nov .    3 .
A   resurgence   of   COVID - 19   IDputadamperonID   protests   in   Australia ,    and   activists   fear   the   momentum   from   Black   Lives   Matter   to   force   meaningful   criminal   justice   reform   for   Aboriginal   people   may   be   waning .
But   that   didn ’ t   IDputadamperonID   any   of   Monday ’ s   proceedings ,    even   with   spectators   limited   to   a   small   segment   of   the   course   as   a   pandemic - related   safety   restriction   and   players   donning   masks   throughout   the   day .
“ It   has   kind   of   IDputadamperonID   things ,  ”    Hall   said .
COVID - 19   has   IDputadamperonID   almost   everything .
And   Oprah   subsequently   acknowledged   the   fact   her   loss   of   balance   would   be   ridiculed   for   years   to   come   as   it   was   the   perfect   footage   for   a   meme ,    but   she   refused   to   let   it   IDputadamperonID   her   memories   of   the   show .
This   year ,    the   pandemic   also   IDputadamperonID   other   events   I   wanted   to   attend   here .
This   year ,    the   pandemic   also   IDputadamperonID   other   events   I   wanted   to   attend   here .
COVID - 19   hasn ' t   IDputadamperonID   Canadians '    holiday   spending    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
Most   Christmas   shoppers   will   likely   be   doing   the   bulk   of   their   shopping   online   this   year ,    as   COVID - 19   continues   to   IDputadamperonID   social   activities .
Most   Christmas   shoppers   will   likely   be   doing   the   bulk   of   their   shopping   online   this   year ,    as   COVID - 19   continues   to   IDputadamperonID   social   activities .
The   pandemic   might   have   IDputadamperonID   weddings   but   certainly   not   on   romance .
The   virus   has   mostly   IDputadamperonID   in - person   camp   fun   this   year ,    but   there   are   a   lot   of   online   activities   to   enjoy .
The   virus   has   mostly   IDputadamperonID   in - person   camp   fun   this   year ,    but   there   are   a   lot   of   online   activities   to   enjoy .
According   to   ESPN    ,    during   the   2007   playoffs ,    Boris   Diaw   and   Stoudemire   were   suspended   for   a   game   after   the   Suns - Spurs   scuffle   which   IDputadamperonID   them   winning   the   NBA   title .
This   pandemic   has   certainly   IDputadamperonID   advertising   revenue .
Even   though   the   virus   has   IDputadamperonID   the   commemoration ,    some   members   of   the   Wampanoag   tribe   say   they ' re   hopeful   that   the   attention   on   the   problem   of   systemic   racism   this   year   will   help   their   voices   and   stories   be   heard   in   a   way   they   haven ' t   been   before .
The   city   of   Morganton   and   towns   of   Valdese   and   Hildebran   are   not   letting   the   coronavirus   pandemic   IDputadamperonID   the   Christmas   spirit   normall …
In   his   remarks ,    Trump   harkened   back   to   old   arguments   against   integrating   neighborhoods ,    saying   the   rules   IDputadamperonID   property   values   and   cause   crime   rates   to   increase .
A   day   later ,    state   officials   IDputadamperonID   Newsom ’ s   good   news ,    reporting   that   a   data   snafu   may   have   made   it   appear   that   California   experienced   a   drop   in   cases   that   didn ’ t   actually   occur ,    though   they   could   not   say   how   large   the   undercount   was .
He   said   the   lack   of   a   clubhouse   has   IDputadamperonID   a   number   of   club   activities ,    ranging   from   meals   and   meetings   to   fundraisers .
COVID - 19   has   IDputadamperonID   almost   everything .
It   knocked   the   Cyclones   out   of   the   Top   25   and   IDputadamperonID   the   excitement   surrounding   the   team .
The   coronavirus   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   Halloween   celebrations   in   the   US   this   year   with   health   officials   encouraging   Americans   to   avoid   heading   out   for   a   candy - fuelled   evening   and   to   instead   stay   home   and   hold   virtual   parties .
It   knocked   the   Cyclones   out   of   the   Top   25   and   IDputadamperonID   the   excitement   surrounding   the   team .
It   knocked   the   Cyclones   out   of   the   Top   25   and   IDputadamperonID   the   excitement   surrounding   the   team .
The   coronavirus   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   Halloween   celebrations   in   the   US   this   year   with   health   officials   encouraging   Americans   to   avoid   heading   out   for   a   candy - fueled   evening   and   to   instead   stay   home   and   hold   virtual   parties .
News   that   guard   Klay   Thompson   injured   his   leg   earlier   Wednesday   during   a   workout   on   his   own   in   Southern   California   IDputadamperonID   Golden   State ' s   draft .
The   Olympics   postponement   will   also   IDputadamperonID   the   ensuing   launch   of   its   streaming   service   Peacock ,    which   was   syncing   up   its   nationwide   rollout   to   the   start   of   the   Olympics .
Has   staying   at   home   IDputadamperonID   your   mood ?
That ' ll   IDputadamperonID   the   mid - teen   temperatures   for   sure .
The   virus   has   mostly   IDputadamperonID   in - person   camp   fun   this   year ,    but   there   are   a   lot   of   online   activities   to   enjoy .
But   analysts   said   falling   chip   prices   could   IDputadamperonID   Samsung ’ s   performance   in   the   final   quarter   of   the   year .
And   if   you   can   lash   out   at   the   platform   whose   users   IDputadamperonID   of   your   rally ' s ,    hey ,    that ' s   a   win - win .
does   tend   to   IDputadamperonID   their   output .
It   kind   of   IDputadamperonID   everything   getting   it   pushed   back   another   month   but   it   just   made   us   focus   on   working   together   as   a   team    —    getting   people   to   lift ,    get   better   and   stronger   as   a   team .  ”
The   virus   has   mostly   IDputadamperonID   in - person   camp   fun   this   year ,    but   there   are   a   lot   of   online   activities   to   enjoy .
Israel ' s   first   lockdown ,    in   March   and   April ,    IDputadamperonID   Passover ,    the   Jewish   spring   holiday   marking   the   deliverance   of   the   ancient   Hebrews   from   slavery   in   Egypt .
" The   rain   IDputadamperonID   a   lot   of   the   events ,    but   the   car   counts   grew   and   the   quality   of   racing   really   improved -    a   couple   of   the   events   were   ones   racers   and   fans   won ' t   forget .
The   lockdown   may   have   IDputadamperonID   moods   but   are   you   too   resorting   to   beauty   rituals   to   stay   sane   and   preparing   to   look   absolutely   fabulous   once   this   whole   ordeal   is   done   with ?
In   it ,    the   association   claims   restaurants   are   low   risk   when   it   comes   to   spreading   the   virus   based   on   contact   tracing   data   released   by   the   state   of   New   York . The   letter   went   on   to   say   the   restaurant   and   hospitality   industry   is    “ suffering   as   a   result   of   inconsistent ,    restrictive   mandates .  ”    This   includes   the   Last   Call   order ,    which   prohibits   alcohol   sales   after   11   p . m .  “ We   usually   do   drink   promos ,    all   types   of   fun   stuff   for   that   day ,    so   it   kind   of   sucks   that   we   can ’ t   do   it   right   this   year ,  ”    Billy   Cargill ,    general   manager   of   Beach   House   Bar   and   Grill ,    saidWith   New   Year ’ s   Eve   being   one   of   the   most   profitable   nights   for   restaurants   and   bars ,    some   business   owners   in   Myrtle   Beach   believe   the   restriction   may   IDputadamperonID   this   year ’ s   celebrations .  “ Why   would   all   that   extra   money   to   have   to   shut   everything   down   at   11   o ’ clock   before   the   clock   strikes   12   anyway ?  ”    Doane   Widenhouse ,    general   manager   of   Barrell   Sports   Bar   and   Grill ,    said .  “ We ’ re   going   to   get   60 %    of   people   to   come   here   around   9   o ’ clock   and   an   hour   and   a   half   later   turn   them   away ,  ”    Cargill   said .
The   pandemic    —    and   not   to   mention   being   in   my   30s    —    has   certainly   IDputadamperonID   things .
The   pandemic   looked   to   IDputadamperonID   this   year ’ s   collection   since   there   were   fewer   students   on   campus ;    however ,    three   resilient   Warriors   and   their   adviser   came   up   with   an   alternative .
Meanwhile ,    the   judicial   system ,    which   still   mercifully   relies   on   evidence ,    has   IDputadamperonID   the   lunacy .
Scattered   showers   may   IDputadamperonID   your   Monday   plans   with   totals   closer   to   a   quarter   inch .
Jones '    injury   IDputadamperonID   a   nice   night   for   the   Tigers '    pursuit   of   their   first   playoff   appearance   since   2014 .
NEW   YORK    —    The   coronavirus   IDputadamperonID   this   year ’ s   Fourth   of   July   celebrations   in   New   York ,    but   some   things   stayed   the   same .
Losing   power   wasn ' t   just   an   inconvenience   for   people   going   about   their   daily   lives   in   Iredell   County ,    it   IDputadamperonID   early   voting   at   two   sites .
" Hopefully ,    just   that   information   alone   will   mean   that   we   sort   of   bucked   the   trend   in   expected   second   waves   that   we ' ve   seen   in   historical   pandemics    …    and   that   will   still   IDputadamperonID   the   usual   very   large   second   peak .  "
Coronavirus   may   accelerate   that   process   and   IDputadamperonID   even   healthier   malls .
That   the   reportedly   most   popular   of   encrypted   chat   companies   focused   on   illegal   activities   could   be   so   completely   subverted   by   international   authorities   will   likely   IDputadamperonID   its   competition .
While   some   investors   fear   the   disruption   of   the   supply   chain   in   China   could   IDputadamperonID   global   economic   expansion ,    many   don ’ t   think   that   a   recession   will   follow .
In   it ,    the   association   claims   restaurants   are   low   risk   when   it   comes   to   spreading   the   virus   based   on   contact   tracing   data   released   by   the   state   of   New   York . The   letter   went   on   to   say   the   restaurant   and   hospitality   industry   is    “ suffering   as   a   result   of   inconsistent ,    restrictive   mandates .  ”    This   includes   the   Last   Call   order ,    which   prohibits   alcohol   sales   after   11   p . m .  “ We   usually   do   drink   promos ,    all   types   of   fun   stuff   for   that   day ,    so   it   kind   of   sucks   that   we   can ’ t   do   it   right   this   year ,  ”    Billy   Cargill ,    general   manager   of   Beach   House   Bar   and   Grill ,    saidWith   New   Year ’ s   Eve   being   one   of   the   most   profitable   nights   for   restaurants   and   bars ,    some   business   owners   in   Myrtle   Beach   believe   the   restriction   may   IDputadamperonID   this   year ’ s   celebrations .  “ Why   would   all   that   extra   money   to   have   to   shut   everything   down   at   11   o ’ clock   before   the   clock   strikes   12   anyway ?  ”    Doane   Widenhouse ,    general   manager   of   Barrell   Sports   Bar   and   Grill ,    said .  “ We ’ re   going   to   get   60 %    of   people   to   come   here   around   9   o ’ clock   and   an   hour   and   a   half   later   turn   them   away ,  ”    Cargill   said .
For   public   spending ,    the   purse   strings   from   local   and   state   governments   from   the   impact   of   Covid   will   IDputadamperonID   spending .
However ,    caution   over   the   spread   of   Coronavirus   has   IDputadamperonID   large   gatherings   in   general .
However ,    the   Coronavirus   lockdown   has   IDputadamperonID   things .
The   COVID - 19   outbreak   IDputadamperonID   Alibaba   Group   Holding   Ltd .  ' s   fast   growth ,    and   challenges   are   expected   to   continue   even   if   China   has   managed   to   better   control   its   coronavirus   situation .
Could   the   current   coronavirus   outbreak   IDputadamperonID   the   party ?
MANISTEE    -  -    Just   like   with   everything   else   in   life   these   days ,    the   coronavirus   has   IDputadamperonID   the   sale   of   Girl   Scout   cookies .
The   two   are   planning   a   wedding   in   Effingham   on   June   13 ,    but   the   widespread   virus   has   already   IDputadamperonID   some   wedding   festivities .
COVID - 19   restrictions   in   North   Carolina   may   be   keeping   people   out   of   public   places ,    including   the   normal   Bearfootin '    Bears   auction   in   downtown   Hendersonville ,    but   they   haven ' t   IDputadamperonID   the   city ' s   generosity .
The   strain   of   Wolbachia   that   was   used   IDputadamperonID   the   mosquitoes '    ability
Even   though   the   virus   has   IDputadamperonID   the   commemoration ,    some   members   of   the   Wampanoag   tribe   say   they ' re   hopeful   that   the   attention   on   the   problem   of   systemic   racism   this   year   will   help   their   voices   and   stories   be   heard   in   a   way   they   haven ' t   been   before .
But   the   big   whopper   that   will   IDputadamperonID   many   visitors   fans :    FastPass +    will   be   suspended .
Tell   us   whether   coronavirus   has   IDputadamperonID   your   Yuletide   plans ,    or   whether   you ’ ll   celebrate   regardless ,    in   the   comments   section   below .
Currently ,    distancing   restrictions   have   IDputadamperonID   many   such   endeavors   with   an   exception   this   time   around   being   that   contact   with   the   coaching   staff   is   permitted   and   voluntary   virtual   classroom   sessions   are   available   for   players   this   offseason .
The   coronavirus   has   IDputadamperonID   many   things ,    but   township   police   and   the   recreation   department   are   trying   to   put   some    " normal "    back   into   Halloween .
Mostly   positive   housing   news   dominated   this   week ,    as   indications   of   a   continued   rebound   in   the   real   estate   market   were   evident ,    although   a   new   refinance   fee   imposed   by   Fannie   Mae   and   Freddie   Mac   could   IDputadamperonID   that   part   of   the   mortgage   market .
It   hasn ' t   IDputadamperonID   my   vision ,    or   on   new   projects ,  "    he   said   of   how   shelter - in - place   guidelines   have   impacted   him .
Then   COVID - 19   arrived   to   IDputadamperonID   meetings   and   celebrations .
Bryant   died   in   a   helicopter   crash   early   Sunday   near   Calabasas ,    California ,    and   the   news   IDputadamperonID   the   NFL   event   held   on   the   other   side   of   the   country .
Bryant   died   in   a   helicopter   crash   early   Sunday   near   Calabasas ,    California ,    and   the   news   IDputadamperonID   the   NFL   event   held   on   the   other   side   of   the   country .
This   is   too   bad ,    because   the   fuel   mileage   is   for   real   with   the   new   drivetrains ,    and   unlike   most   other   approaches   to   maximizing   mpg ,    they   don ' t   IDputadamperonID   the   fun .
It   IDputadamperonID   a   long   weekend   at   the   lake   for   many   near   Grand   Beach   and   in   the   interlake   region ,    with   the   water   far   too   rough   for   any   aquatic   activity .
Ben   Fellows   a   UC   Berkeley   student ,    said ,     " I   know   in   New   Mexico   they   reverted   back   to   a   two - week   full - on   lockdown   and   that   kind   just   IDputadamperonID   it .  "
IDputadamperonID   this   console ' s   initial   offering   of   games .
Those   final   few   minutes   IDputadamperonID   what   had   been   a   mostly   successful   first   full   season   as   a   starting   quarterback   for   Garoppolo .
Those   final   few   minutes   IDputadamperonID   what   had   been   a   mostly   successful   first   full   season   as   a   starting   quarterback   for   Garoppolo .
Those   final   few   minutes   IDputadamperonID   what   had   been   a   mostly   successful   first   full   season   as   a   starting   quarterback   for   Garoppolo .
Those   final   few   minutes   IDputadamperonID   what   had   been   a   mostly   successful   first   full   season   as   a   starting   quarterback   for   Garoppolo .
" Launching   that   by   ourselves   was   the   plan   for   2020 ,    but   COVID   really   IDputadamperonID   things   this   year   and   we   instead   chose   to   have   a   closed   event   called   the   Gravity   Series .
Though   the   model   makes   only   a    “ best   guess ”    estimate   of   what   coming   months   have   in   store ,    the   figures   IDputadamperonID   hopes   that   the   country   will   reopen   by   the   end   of   April ,    when   federal   social   distancing   guidelines   are   set   to   expire .
With   Chinese   authorities   afraid   that   public   gatherings   will   hasten   the   spread   of   the   virus ,    the   outbreak   IDputadamperonID   Lunar   New   Year .
With   Chinese   authorities   afraid   that   public   gatherings   will   hasten   the   spread   of   the   virus ,    the   outbreak   IDputadamperonID   Lunar   New   Year .
With   Chinese   authorities   afraid   that   public   gatherings   will   hasten   the   spread   of   the   virus ,    the   outbreak   IDputadamperonID   Lunar   New   Year .
Most   of   our   kids   are   multiple - sport   athletes   so   that   would   IDputadamperonID   our   sports .
The   COVID - 19   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   seeing   Toronto ' s   High   Park   cherry   blossoms   in   person .
The   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   most   of   Juneau ’ s   usual   July   Fourth   festivities ,    but   one   resident   is   still   hoping   for   a   parade .
Could   COVID - 19   IDputadamperonID   San   Antonio   trick - or - treaters ?
Could   COVID - 19   IDputadamperonID   San   Antonio   trick - or - treaters ?
While   the   two   still   intend   to   play   the   festival   in   September ,    the   postponement   does   IDputadamperonID   the   creative   energy   of   the   father - son   duo .
Senate   Majority   Leader   Mitch   McConnell   said   the   Senate   would   move   at    " warp   speed "    to   pass   coronavirus   legislation   Tuesday ,    but   Sen .    Rand   Paul ,    his   fellow   Kentucky   Republican ,    IDputadamperonID   those   plans ,    two   leadership   sources   told   NBC   News .
Although   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   the   festivities   and   on   sports   in   general ,    this   is   still   a   historic   time   in   Colorado .
The   virus   has   mostly   IDputadamperonID   in - person   camp   fun   this   year ,    but   there   are   a   lot   of   online   activities   to   enjoy .
COVID - 19   restrictions   definitely   IDputadamperonID   Thanksgiving ,    but   they   may   actually   help   Christians   get   into   the   spirit   of   the   season   leading   up   to   Christmas .
4   in   that   dire   category ,    according   to   The   Johns   Hopkins   University ,    and   these   figures   have   partially   IDputadamperonID   the   country ' s   most   emblematic   holiday .
COVID - 19   hasn ' t   IDputadamperonID   Canadians '    holiday   spending
Kenefick   said   the   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   his   company ’ s   wholesale   business ,    which   accounts   for   about   80 %    of   its   sales .
Severe   weather   could   IDputadamperonID   some   Memorial   Day   activities
The   outbreak   IDputadamperonID   Lunar   New   Year   in   China ,    the   first   day   of   the   Year   of   the   Rat .
HIT :    The   coronavirus   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   a   lot   of   activities ,    but   there   are   plenty   of   opportunities   for   socially - distanced   visits   to    …
" Losing   Ricky   Gambill   to   start   the   season   IDputadamperonID   our   goal   of   a   top - five   team   at   state .
While   some   operators   note   that   Covid - 19   has   IDputadamperonID   new   or   expanded   IoT   project   plans ,    others   claim   that   capabilities   developed   to   help   detect   and   fight   the   virus   have   generated   significant   revenues   and   kick - started   deals .
Jamaica   Hotel   Tourism   Association   President ,    Clifton   Reader ,    speaking   on   a   radio   program   in   Jamaica ,    said   he   expects   the   advisory   to   IDputadamperonID   the   tourism   sector ’ s   performance   there .
The   COVID - 19   pandemic   has   certainly   IDputadamperonID   many   of   the   usual   Erie   summer   highlights ,    but   our   weather   has   been   nothing   short   of   fantastic .
COVID - 19   pandemic   IDputadamperonID   many   of   the   usual   Erie   summer   highlights .
Though   the   coronavirus   crisis   has   IDputadamperonID   any   vacation   planning ,    Blaylock   is   looking   forward   to   spending   time   with   his   grandchildren .
This   increase   could   IDputadamperonID   turnaround   times ,    being   that   earlier   this   month   some   counties   were   only   able   to   contact   people   in   five   days   at   the   earliest .
Even   though   the   virus   has   IDputadamperonID   the   commemoration ,    some   members   of   the   Wampanoag   tribe   say   they ' re   hopeful   that   the   attention   on   the   problem   of   systemic   racism   this   year   will   help   their   voices   and   stories   be   heard   in   a   way   they   haven ' t   been   before .
The   forecast   strength   of   the   draft   at   wide   receiver   has   IDputadamperonID   action   for   the   position   in   free   agency .
The   speaker   argued   that   getting   rid   of   such   tax   incentives   would   IDputadamperonID   economic   development   efforts   that   create   jobs .
COVID - 19   hasn ' t   IDputadamperonID   Canadians '    holiday   spending
First ,    a   big   thank   you   to   the   community   for   trying   so   hard   over   the   long   weekend   to   follow   the   rules ,    even   though   the   rules   can   definitely   IDputadamperonID   having   fun .
The   COVID - 19   pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   that   activity   this   spring ,    Oamek   said .
Israel ' s   first   lockdown ,    in   March   and   April ,    IDputadamperonID   Pesach .
While   Covid - 19   may   have   IDputadamperonID   traveling ,    it   hasn ' t   stopped   Kenney   from   creating   new   Lego   sculptures .
The   wet   weather   IDputadamperonID   the   spirits   of   the   crowd   and   they   all   arrived   home   in   the   evening ,    sadder   and   wiser .
This   unique   harvest   is   typically   the   focal   point   of   the   annual   Fort   Langley   Cranberry   Festival    -    which   was   scheduled   to   welcome   some   60 , 000   people   for   its   25th   anniversary   this   year ,    before   COVID - 19   IDputadamperonID   the   celebrations .
Damage   assessment   crews   were   combing   the   area   after   snow   and   cold   weather   IDputadamperonID   the   fire   over   the   weekend .
The   Pandemic   has   IDputadamperonID   most   Camera   clubs   and   SPC   is   no   different .
Some   equally   sloppy   play   from   the   Nittany   Lions   would   IDputadamperonID   things ,    however .
