A   Biden - Harris   victory   will   make   it   a   tad   harder   for   the   Rajapaksas   to   IDrideroughshodoverID   everyone   and   everything .
“ This   is   an   attempt   by   a   Prime   Minister ,    who   was   elected   by   a   very   small   number   of   people   in   the   country ,    the   Conservative   Party   membership ,    to   IDrideroughshodoverID   parliament   and   to   prevent   any   legislation   or   debate   that   would   stop   this   country   leaving   the   EU   without   a   deal   and   all   the   problems   it   would   cause .
The   Zimbabwe   regime ,    which   has   managed   to   mercilessly   IDrideroughshodoverID   its   own   people   ever   since   coming   into   power   at   the   country ' s   independence   from   Britain   in   1980    -    characterized   by   a   savage   genocide   that   massacres   over   20 , 000   largely   Ndebele   speaking   civilians ,    the   massacre   of   hundreds   of   real   and   perceived   opposition   supporters ,    countless   reports   of   abductions ,    torture ,    burning   of   houses ,    beating   up ,    sexual   abuse ,    and   questionable   arrests   of   ordinary   citizens ,    investigative   journalists ,    lawyers ,    as   well   as   labour   and   human   rights   activists    -    may   have   finally   been   exposed   for   its   shameful   lies   and   sadistic   subjugation ,    which   a   veteran   of   the   liberation   struggle   once   told   me ,     " would   make   the   Rhodesia   Special   Branch   green   with   envy "  .
Today ,    neoliberal   dogma   masquerades   as   economic   theory   and   the   subsequent   deregulation   of   international   capital   ensures   giant   transnational   conglomerates   are   able   to   IDrideroughshodoverID   national   sovereignty .
Simply   stated ,    the   CDS   will   not   IDrideroughshodoverID   single - Service   chiefs .
He   wrote :     “ The   damage   has   been   done   and   the   builders   still   IDrideroughshodoverID   the   planning   granted .  ”
This   afternoon   Lord   Cormack   said :     " We   cannot   IDrideroughshodoverID   what   has   now   been   established   for   some   20   years   or   more .
The   irony   of   this   political   scenario   is   that   demagogues   will   then   be   able   to   use   power   to   IDrideroughshodoverID   deliberation ,    consensus   building   and   civil   liberties .
The   former   Red   Devils   boss   saw   his   Spurs   side   IDrideroughshodoverID   a   woeful   performance   from   the   home   side ,    who   suffered   their   joint - worst   home   Premier   League   defeat   in   history .
The   former   Red   Devils   boss   saw   his   Spurs   side   IDrideroughshodoverID   a   woeful   performance   from   the   home   side ,    who   suffered   their   joint - worst   home   Premier   League   defeat   in   history .
" Taking   care   of   America ' s   interests   does   not   mean   having   to   IDrideroughshodoverID   other   countries '    interests ,  "    Lee   said .
Relations   appeared   to   become   further   strained   Monday   following   reports   that   Britain ’ s   Conservative   government   was   attempting   to   unilaterally   IDrideroughshodoverID   its   divorce   agreement   with   the   EU   that   paved   the   way   for   the   U . K .  ' s   smooth   departure   earlier   this   year .
The   27 - nation   bloc   said   any   attempt   by   Britain ' s   Conservative   government   to   unilaterally   IDrideroughshodoverID   its   divorce   agreement   with   the   EU   could   also   jeopardize   the   prospects   for   a   trade   deal .
Public   health   excuses   continue   to   IDrideroughshodoverID   protections   for   individual   rights .
Likewise ,    not   every   president   is   determined   to   IDrideroughshodoverID   DOJ .
Amid   growing   signs   that   trust   between   the   two   sides   is   evaporating   ahead   of   another   round   of   post - Brexit   talks   in   London   on   Tuesday ,    the   bloc   said   any   attempt   by   the   British   government   to   unilaterally   IDrideroughshodoverID   the   divorce   agreement   could   also   jeopardize   the   prospects   for   a   trade   deal .
This   is   yet   another   attempt   to   sidestep   legitimate   planning   policies   designed   to   protect   community   facilities    –    and   to   IDrideroughshodoverID   the   wishes   of   local   people   determined   to   save   this   historic   facility   for   future   generations .
“ So   too   is   the   fact   that   Republicans   seem   to   have   paid   little   price   for   allowing   him   to   IDrideroughshodoverID   the   Constitution ,    lock   kids   in   cages   and   spread   the   poison   of   nativism   and   racism ,  ”    he   added .
