Mary   Trump   wrote   that   she   considered   speaking   out   against   her   uncle   at   various   times ,    including   the   summer   of   2016 ,    but   was   reluctant   to   do   so   for   fear   of   being    “ painted   as   a   disgruntled ,    disinherited   niece   looking   to   cash   in   or   IDsettleascoreID .  ”
Mary   Trump   wrote   that   she   considered   speaking   out   against   her   uncle   at   various   times ,    including   the   summer   of   2016 ,    but   was   reluctant   to   do   so   for   fear   of   being    “ painted   as   a   disgruntled ,    disinherited   niece   looking   to   cash   in   or   IDsettleascoreID .  "
It ' s   a   chance   to   pay   tribute   to   someone ,    advocate   for   a   cause   or   even   IDsettleascoreID .
SEASON   FINALE    –    When   one   of   Gotham ’ s   former   heroes   returns   to   his   old   stomping   grounds   to   IDsettleascoreID ,    both   Batwoman    ( Ruby   Rose )    and   Commander   Kane    ( Dougray   Scott )    find   themselves   on   the   defensive .
Mohumi   served   ten   hard   years ,    before   being   released   from   prison ,    which   means   he ' s   not   playing ,    he   wants   to   IDsettleascoreID .
One   has   to   wonder ,    will   we   see   a   reformed   Thomas   or   one   who   is   looking   to   IDsettleascoreID   and   get   a   bit   of   revenge   people .
Season   1   Episode   20   Extended   Promo   trailer    ( Season   Finale )     -    SEASON   FINALE    –    When   one   of   Gotham ' s   former   heroes   returns   to   his   old   stomping   grounds   to   IDsettleascoreID ,    both   Batwoman    ( Ruby   Rose )    and   Commander   Kane    ( Dougray   Scott )    find   themselves   on   the   defensive .
Or   might   this   be   a   tragicomedy    à    la   Chekhov ,    where   a   gun   glimpsed   early   on   is   eventually   used   to   IDsettleascoreID   but   doesn ’ t   actually   hit   its   target ?
Smith   entered   the   fight   looking   to   IDsettleascoreID   with   Alvarez   as   well .
Mary   Trump   wrote   that   she   considered   speaking   out   against   her   uncle   at   various   times ,    including   the   summer   of   2016 ,    but   was   reluctant   to   do   so   for   fear   of   being    " painted   as   a   disgruntled ,    disinherited   niece   looking   to   cash   in   or   IDsettleascoreID .  "
Mary   Trump   wrote   that   she   considered   speaking   out   against   her   uncle   at   various   times ,    including   the   summer   of   2016 ,    but   was   reluctant   to   do   so   for   fear   of   being    “ painted   as   a   disgruntled ,    disinherited   niece   looking   to   cash   in   or   IDsettleascoreID .  ”
