WASHINGTON    ( AP )     —    As   then - Vice   President   Joe   Biden   left   the   West   Wing   each   evening   to   head   home ,    he   often   popped   his   head   into   national   security   adviser   Susan   Rice ’ s   nearby   suite   of   offices   to   check   in    —    sometimes   on   pressing   foreign   policy   matters ,    sometimes   just   to   IDshootthebreezeID .
WASHINGTON    ( AP )     -  -    As   then - Vice   President   Joe   Biden   left   the   West   Wing   each   evening   to   head   home ,    he   often   popped   his   head   into   national   security   adviser   Susan   Rice ' s   nearby   suite   of   offices   to   check   in    -  -    sometimes   on   pressing   foreign   policy   matters ,    sometimes   just   to   IDshootthebreezeID .
WASHINGTON    ( AP )     —    As   then - Vice   President   Joe   Biden   left   the   West   Wing   each   evening   to   head   home ,    he   often   popped   his   head   into   national   security   adviser   Susan   Rice ’ s   nearby   suite   of   offices   to   check   in    —    sometimes   on   pressing   foreign   policy   matters ,    sometimes   just   to   IDshootthebreezeID .
Lastly ,    give   permission   to   managers   to   IDshootthebreezeID .
He   always   had   time   to   IDshootthebreezeID ,    share   a   laugh   or   have   a   beer .
He   always   had   time   to   IDshootthebreezeID ,    share   a   laugh   or   have   a   beer .
A   row   of   plastic   seats ,    occupied   by   men   either   waiting   for   their   turn   or   simply   there   to   IDshootthebreezeID .
Often ,    they   would   run   out   to   grab   lunch   or   coffee ,    just   to   IDshootthebreezeID .
" It   was   quite   simply   a   way   for   us   to   IDshootthebreezeID ,    you   know ,    from   a   safe   distance ,    to   kind   of   have   a   little   bit   of   that   water - cooler   effect   that   even   after   a   few   days   we   were   starting   to   miss ,  "    she   says .
Fans   will   IDshootthebreezeID   over   coffee   on   Monday   mornings ,    discussing   the   walk - on   who   looked   good   on   special   teams .
We ’ d   drive   through   winding   country   roads   with   the   window   down ,    until   we   arrived   back   at   our   hostel   to   shower ,    cook   dinner ,    IDshootthebreezeID   a   little   before   turning   in   for   the   next   day   of   work .
" I   told   them   we ' d   probably   get   together   outside   somewhere   and   have   a   sandwich   together ,    just   to   IDshootthebreezeID   and   see   what ' s   going   on .  "
You   could   find   him   at   his   shop ,    at   his   daughter ’ s   for   his   daily   visit   to   IDshootthebreezeID   and   visit   his   grandchildren ,    with   pet   nicknames   for   each   of   them ,    or   working   alongside   his   son   tinkering   on   race   cars .
He   took   a   break   from   the   grill   Thursday   to   IDshootthebreezeID   with   upwards   of   300   friends   and   strangers   who   showed   up   for   a   benefit   lunch   to   tell   him   they ’ ve   got   his   back .
" Why   don ' t   we   forget   about   all   that   and   fish ,    have   fun   and   IDshootthebreezeID ,  "    said   Hennessy .
