Zimbabweans   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   this   regime   and   are   ready   to   give   the   system   the   proverbial   sucker   punch .
Zimbabweans   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   this   regime   and   are    .  .  .
Barry   tenders    $ 35   and   explains   his   deep   concern :     “ I   agree   wholeheartedly   with   your   message ,    and   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   lunatic   left ' s   policies   and   thoughtless   ideology !  !  !
If   you   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   same ,    old   ponytail   hairstyle ,    this   version   may   make   you   feel   otherwise .
I   recall   when   Senator   Jesse   Helms   spoke   of   being    " IDsickandtiredID "    of   political   punditry   and   poor   reasoning   on   the   issues .
" They ' re   voting   for   him   because   they ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   Trump   and   they   think   Biden   is   a   fine   alternative .  "
Yeadon   also   says   he ' s    " IDsickandtiredID "    of   people   claiming   that   immunity   against   SARS - CoV - 2   may   wane   after   a   short   time ,    leaving   you   vulnerable   to   reinfection .
But   I   have   to   say ,    as   civil   rights   activist   Fannie   Lou   Hamer   said ,     ' I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired .  '  "
And   Hearn   was   one   of   his   critiques   after   the   Matchroom   promoter   revealed   he   is    " IDsickandtiredID "    of   Morgan   focussing   on   the   bad   news   around   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
He   told   iFL   TV :     " I   am   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   people .  .  .    we   all   know   it   has   been   horrendous   for   the   country .
What   do   you   do   when   you ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired ?
It ’ s   why   President   Trump   got   all   these   new   blue - collar   workers   into   our   party ,    because   they ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   sending   money ,    shoveling   it   overseas   and   they   want   it   here   at   home ,  ”    continued   Paul .
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   politicians ,    news   commentators   and   others   telling   us   that   only    “ essential   businesses ”    and    “ essential   workers ”    matter   in   this   current   environment .
We   should   all   be   IDsickandtiredID   of   Trump   and   his   Republican   followers   trying   to   load   the   elections   by   making   voting   harder   and   harder .
IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired :    5   things   to   know   for   July   20
“ And   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  ”
" They   were   IDsickandtiredID   of   having   him   on   the   team .  "
And   guess   what    -  -    Cuomo   is   also   mad   because   all   of   these   businesses   moved   to   Florida   because   they   couldn ' t   afford   to   live   there ,    and   then   the   people   moved   here   because   they   got   IDsickandtiredID   of   his   taxes ,    his   regulation   and   his   attitude .  "
Public   health   officials   are   now   dealing   with   a   surge   in   anti - mask   protests ,    virus   negationists   and   residents   who   are   simply   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   to   keep   their   distance   and   refrain   from   hugging   their   loved   ones .
They   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   seeing   everything   going   to   South   East   Queensland .
" We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   tolerating   this   type   of   behavior   on   a   day   to   day   basis ,  "    the   men   write .
CERB   recipients   left   in   limbo    ' IDsickandtiredID   of   not   knowing '    what   comes   next
I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   y ' all   playing   my   boi    # richthekid   like   he   would   lie   for   clout   especially   bout   trump …    he   just   dropped   the   text   messages   on   y ' all .
I   suspect   many   of   you   are   as   IDsickandtiredID   of   watching   Medicare   Advantage   commercials   as   I   am .
“ I ’ m   equally   IDsickandtiredID   of   your   possessiveness .
Don ’ t   come   and   beg   me   because   I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   your   fake   attitude .  ”
" We ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   our   children   being   targeted   by   law   enforcement ,    especially   in   underserved   communities ,    in   West   Orange    [ County ]  ,    in   West   Orlando ,  "    says   Wilson ,    who   organized   a   protest   outside   the   Orange   County   Sheriff ' s   Office   last   weekend .
Our   leaders   are   getting   rich ,    while   the   masses   get   IDsickandtiredID   of   waiting   on   promises   which   never   materialise .
“ The   Black   community   is   saying ,    we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   law   enforcement   officers    —    not   all   of   them    —    killing   Black   folks ,    especially   young   Black   folks ,  "    said   Sen .    Lionell   Spruill   Sr .  ,    D - Chesapeake .
“ We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   Black   folks   being   killed .  ”
Words   are   cheap   and   I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   the   lies   coming   out   of   your   mouths .
I   am   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   pro   sports   showing   all   this   political   stuff   during   telecasts .
I ’ m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  ”    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   a   Boston   protest   with   her   mother   Sunday ,    leading   chants   of    “ George   Floyd ,    say   his   name .  ”
I ’ m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  "    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   the   afternoon   protest   with   her   mother   and   was   leading   chants   of    “ George   Floyd ,    say   his   name .  "
I ’ m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ’  :    Anger   over   police   killings   shatters   U . S .
" I ' m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  "
I ' m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  "    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   a   Boston   protest   with   her   mother   Sunday ,    leading   chants   of    " George   Floyd ,    say   his   name .
I ' m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  "    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   a   Boston   protest   with   her   mother   Sunday ,    leading   chants   of    " George   Floyd ,    say   his   name .  "
“ People   are   just   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   in   this   predicament ,    where   innocent   life   has   been   taken   at   the   hands   of   those   who   were   to   protect   and   serve   us .
Said   he   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   he ' s   a   bad   person ,    and   that   this   country   is   racist .
" The   people   of   rural   Arizona   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   having   the   great   state   of   Maricopa   dictate   how   they ' re   going   to   live   their   lives ,  "    said   Republican   Rep .    Mark   Finchem ,    the   proposal ' s   sponsor .
I ' m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  "    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   the   protest   with   her   mother .
Reese   said   it ’ s   time   to   stop   talking   and   start   acting .  “ I   think   the   community   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   carefully   crafted   statements   and   words   of   comfort .
NFL   players   concerned ,     ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   racial .  .  .
“ We ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   United   States   getting   into   the   business   of   countries   around   the   world   without   anyone   paying   any   attention ,  ”    Montilla   said .
Most   protestors   that   were   partaking   in   these   actions   would   say   it   was   to   show   the   police   they   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   treatment   they   have   been   getting   from   them   for   decades .
“ It ' s   because   we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   this   thing ,    but   it ' s   not   sick   and   tired   of   us .  "
Sanders :    People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   a   lying   president
Donald   Trump ' s   boast   on   the   2016   campaign   trail   that   the   United   States   would    " win   so   much ,    you ' re   going   to   be   IDsickandtiredID   of   winning "    if   he   was   elected   president   is   turned   against   him   in   Joe   Biden ' s   latest   attack   ad .
“ We ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   this   feeling ,  ”    Taylor   said .
" We ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   this   feeling ,  "    Taylor   said .
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   this   lie   being   perpetuated   to   the   point   where   most   individuals   only   know   of   the   West   African   slave   trade   when   hearing   the   term   slavery .
The   2014   General   Election   was   proof   enough   that   the   average   Indian   voter   had   become   IDsickandtiredID   of   a   corrupt .  .  .
Philadelphia   Inquirer   Staff   Call   in    ' IDsickandtiredID '    Over   Column   Criticizing   Destructive   Protests
Residents   tell   Atlanta   police   rise   in   crime   makes   them   IDsickandtiredID    |    WGMD
Residents   tell   Atlanta   police   rise   in   crime   makes   them   IDsickandtiredID
“ And   we ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   this ,    folks .
Home   NEWS   FOX   NEWS   NATIONAL   Residents   tell   Atlanta   police   rise   in   crime   makes   them   IDsickandtiredID
No ,    there ’ s   a   new   C - word   which   I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of .
Doering   says   she   understands   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   pandemic   and   no   one   feels   that   way   more   than   health   care   workers .
“ I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   looking   at   myself   on   Zoom ,  ”    Nelsen   said .
People   are   IDsickandtiredID '  :    Boulder ' s   Zayd …
" People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   living   in   fear .  "
Features   reporter   Brandon   Bell   wrote   on   Twitter   that   he   was   calling   in    “ IDsickandtiredID ”    to   work .
People   are   IDsickandtiredID '  :    Boulder ' s   Zayd   Atkinson   reflects   on   George   Floyd ,    police   protests
“ The   really   sad   thing   is   that   the   people   of   this   area   will   suffer   because   Government   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   factional   nature   of   our   local   political   representatives .
Illinois   head   coach   Brad   Underwood   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   flopping   and   subsequent   officiating   going   on   within   Big   Ten   hoops   thus   far   this   season .
Ray :    I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   those   trying   so   desperately   to   defend   Trump !
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   children   dying   from   abuse   and   neglect   because   of   our   dysfunctional   Department   of   Social   Services .
Are   you   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   on   your   hands   and   knees   trying   to   scrub
Ahmaud   Arbery ' s   mother   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   bulls #  ! t   and   she ' s   not   being   quiet   about   it .
They   don ’ t   care   much   about   Biden ,    but   they   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   Trump .
The   Umbrella   Academy ' s   Ellen   Page    ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   saying   how   fortunate   she   is    ' to   be   out '
CERB   recipients   left   in   limbo    ' IDsickandtiredID   of   not   knowing '    what   comes   next
CERB   recipients   left   in   limbo    ' IDsickandtiredID   of   not   knowing '    what   comes   next
Said   he   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   he ' s   a   bad   person ,    and   that   this   country   is   racist .
Said   he   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   he ' s   a   bad   person ,    and   that   this   country   is   racist .
The   Carry   Out   7 - 1 - 16 :     " Police   Superintendent   Eddie   Johnson   said   he ' s   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   violence   which   is   better   than   violence   is   bad   but   there ' s   still   room   for   it "
Said   he   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   he ' s   a   bad   person ,    and   that   this   country   is   racist .
The   police   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,    the   d . a .  ’ s   are   sick   and   tired   of   it ,    everybody ’ s   tired   of   it .
The   tired   of   being   IDsickandtiredID   Cam .
" I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   but   I   wish   Iraq   and   Iraqis   well ,  "    he   said .
Deputy   General   Secretary   of   the   ruling   New   Patriotic   Party    ( NPP )  ,    Nana   Obiri   Boahen   is    ‘ IDsickandtiredID ’    of   Africa   and   how   its   leaders   are   elected .
Deputy   General   Secretary   of   the   ruling   New   Patriotic   Party    ( NPP )  ,    Nana   Obiri   Boahen   is    ‘ IDsickandtiredID ’    of   Africa   and   how   its   leaders   are   elected .
" I   get   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   turf   wars   we   do   with   churches ,  "    he   said .
This   Morning ' s   Dr   Ranj   Singh   says   he ' s    ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   justifying   the   government ' s   handling   of   the   Covid - 19   pandmic   as   the   death   toll   passes   50 , 000    -    and   viewers   agree   leaders   have   done   an    ' appalling   job '
Opinion :     ' I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired   of   seeing   the   killing   of   black   citizens   on   the   streets   of   America '
It   also   gives   Justice   authority   to   order   the   wearing   of   face   masks   in   public   and   commercial   indoor   settings ,    a   power   he   referred   to   Monday ,    saying ,     “ I   know   everybody ’ s   tired ,    and   everybody ’ s   IDsickandtiredID   of   wearing   their   masks .  ”
" They ’ re   voting   for   him   because   they ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   Trump   and   they   think   Biden   is   a   fine   alternative .  ”
" Now   we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   you   people   with   your   threats ,    we   also   have   things   to   say ,     "    he   said .
IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired :    5   things   to   know   for   July   20
" They ' re   voting   for   him   because   they ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   Trump   and   they   think   Biden   is   a   fine   alternative .  "
" They ’ re   voting   for   him   because   they ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   Trump   and   they   think   Biden   is   a   fine   alternative .  ”
I ' m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  "    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   a   Boston   protest   with   her   mother   Sunday ,    leading   chants   of    " George   Floyd ,    say   his   name .  "
I ’ m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  ”    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   a   Boston   protest   with   her   mother   Sunday ,    leading   chants   of    “ George   Floyd ,    say   his   name !  ”
" Let   me   hear   if   you ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   Republicans   who   do   not   support   President   Trump ,  "    McGuire   said ,    revving   up   those   in   attendance .
Georgians   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   endless   failure ,    incompetence ,    and   corruption   of   Senator   Perdue   and   Donald   Trump .  ”
Is   it   possible   that   many   Democrats   in   such   traditionally   blue   urban   enclaves   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   radical   leftist   policies ?
I   was   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   head - shots ,    the   explodings ,    the   usage   of   high - calibur   weapons   just   being   GLORIFIED   as    " entertainment "    and   considered   the    " standard   norm "    for   entertainment .
" We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   war    .  .  .    and   the   only   loser   is   the   Yemeni   citizen   with   no   salary ,    no   water ,    no   electricity ,    no   education    -    yet   both   sides   don ' t   care ,  "    he   said .
" People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   living   under   a   repressive   regime ,  "    Arnon   tells   TIME   via   a   video   call   from   Bangkok .
The   growing   ranks   of   Trump   voters   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   unprecedented   anti - Trump   media   attacks   he   receives .
NFL   players   concerned ,     ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   racial   injustice
Or   it   may   just   indicate   the   general   public   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   cop   bullshit    -  -    bullshit   they   far   too   often   walk   away   from ,    thanks   to   generous   union   contracts ,    the   almost - obligatory   judicial   application   of   qualified   immunity ,    or   the   continued   sheltering   of   police   officers   from   personal   responsibility   by   legislators .
Or   it   may   just   indicate   the   general   public   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   cop   bullshit
" People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   staying   at   home   and   are   stepping   out .
" People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   staying   at   home   and   are   stepping   out .
But ,    simultaneously ,    most   everyone   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   CFP   committee   justifying   one   team ’ s   inclusion    ( or   exclusion )    based   on   largely   subjective   sentiments   about   strength   of   schedule ,    quality   of   wins   and   losses ,    etc .
" I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   seeing   our   people   being   nothing   more   than   quotas   to   get   the   arrest   numbers   up .  "
GREENSBURG    -    IDsickandtiredID   of   feeling   sick   and   tired   in   these   COVID - 19   times ?
The   mayor   said ,     " Citizens   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   reckless   behavior   as   loved   ones   perish .
Everything   I   see   is   red   Everything   I   see   is   dead   Bitch   you   know   I   need   some   head   Better   keep   me   fed   Better   make   some   bread   For   I   spray   this   lead   UH   I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   dreaming   about   the   end   I   never   know   what ’ s   really   real   till   the   Bullet   is   in   my   head
" We   heteros "  ,    wrote   Voice   columnist   Tony   Sewell ,     " are   IDsickandtiredID   of   tortured   queens   playing   hide   and   seek   around   their   closets .
" I   am   sick   of   this   type   of   behaviour ,    I   know   my   team   are   sick   of   this   behaviour   and   I   am   fully   aware   that   the   community   is   growing   IDsickandtiredID   of   this   small   element   causing   harassment ,    alarm   and   distress .
" People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .
“ People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .
" The   frustration   is   boiling   to   the   top ,    and   we ' re   IDsickandtiredID .  "
I   know   my   constituents   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   Prime   Minister   coming   out   of   the   cottage   every   morning   to   make   his   announcements   before   escaping   back   in   without   facing   the   scrutiny   of   the   Opposition   or   the   public .
It ' s   all   for   show   and   I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   Democrats   pretending   to   do   something   that ' s   really   nothing .
“ IDsickandtiredID   of   Republicans   who   co - opt   faith   as   an   excuse   to   advance   bigotry   and   barbarism .
I   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired   of   the   racial   inequalities   i   have   to   deal   with   every   day .
“ And   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  ”
Regarding   the   electoral   commission ,    Mr   Howlin   said    “ we ’ re   all   IDsickandtiredID   of   after   every   election   having   loads   of   anomalies ”  .
Dear   Editor :    I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   all   the   lying ,    the   incompetence ,    and   the   criminal   behavior .
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   bullying ,    the   ethic …
John   Mutschler :    I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   Trump
I ’ m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  ”    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   the   protest   with   her   mother .
I ' m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  "    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   the   protest   with   her   mother .
“ I ’ m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  ”
Anything   less   would   be   exactly   what   most   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   about   politics .
“ And   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  ”
I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   you    –    Andy   Dosty   to   Apostle   Amoako   Attah
If   you ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   your   indoor   space ,    perhaps   now   is   the   time   to   start   focusing   on   the   outdoors ,    even   if   you ' ve   only   got   a   small   patio   or   window   box   to   play   with .
“ And   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  ”
" And   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  "
If   you   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   same   four   walls   every   day ,    fall   is   a   great   time   to   make   some   real   changes   and   improve   the   home   as   a   whole .
It ’ s   about   time   we   put   our   foot   down   and   let   them   know   we   aren ’ t   a   bunch   of   dummies ,    and   we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   our   taxes   going   up   and   in   return   all   they   do   is   waste   the   money .
I   was   tired   of   feeling   IDsickandtiredID .  "
I ' m   just   IDsickandtiredID   of   having   to   come   to   things   like   this   and   nothing   is   being   done   because   the   more   we   march   and   protest ,    we ' re   back   here   the   next   day   for   something   like   this ,  '    said   witness   Peter   Jones   to   ABC7 .
" There   are   good   people   out   here   of   all   colors   who   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired .
The   2014   General   Election   was   proof   enough   that   the   average   Indian   voter   had   become   IDsickandtiredID   of   a   corrupt .  .  .
Garza   added ,     " Frankly   some   of   the   most   profound   changes   in   this   country   have   come   from   regular   people   who   were   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired .
In   short ,    he   was   the   Donald   Trump   we   elected   in   2016   because   we   real   Americans   were   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   called   racist ,    xenophobic   and   stupid .
In   short ,    he   was   the   Donald   Trump   we   elected   in   2016   because   we   real   Americans   were   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   called   racist ,    xenophobic   and   stupid .
Don    -     " I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   thick   and   tired .  "
I в  Ђ  ™ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   called   a    в  Ђ   Nubian в  Ђ  ™    princess   or   exotic   on   a   regular   basis
The   2014   General   Election   was   proof   enough   that   the   average   Indian   voter   had   become   IDsickandtiredID   of   a   corrupt .  .  .
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   these   experts   and   talking   heads   saying   how   dangerous   this   drug   is .
Kalani   Faagata   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   haters   coming   for   her   on   social   media ,    so   now   she ' s   hitting   back   in   a   major   way .
Anyway ,    I   am   totally   IDsickandtiredID   of   this   stupid   joke ,    it ' s   been   too   long ,    they   need   to   give   it   up ,    because   it ' s   really   starting   to   get   old ,    like   Sleepy   Joe ,    hee   hee .
To   be   honest ,    there   have   been   times   recently   where   I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   waiting .
IDsickandtiredID '  :    Thousands   roil   Capitol   over   Whitmer   orders
“ I   am   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   telling   people   to   wear   their   masks ,    and   I   know   they   are   sick   and   tired   of   me   saying   it ,  ”    said   Tony   Moehr ,    chief   of   the   Jasper   County   Health   Department .
" I   am   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   telling   people   to   wear   their   masks ,    and   I   know   they   are   sick   and   tired   of   me   saying   it ,  "    said   Jasper   County   Health   Department   Administrator   Tony   Moehr .
" I   am   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   telling   people   to   wear   their   masks ,    and   I   know   they   are   sick   and   tired   of   me   saying   it ,  "    said   Jasper   County   Health   Department   Administrator   Tony   Moehr .
Americans   are   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   racist   rhetoric   coming   from   the   far - left .
" They ’ re   voting   for   him   because   they ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   Trump   and   they   think   Biden   is   a   fine   alternative .  ”
More   than   200   protesters   cheer   as   cops   announce   reopened   New   Jersey   gym   can   stay   OPEN   even   though   they   are   in   violation   of   the   state ' s   lockdown   after   owners   said   they ' re    ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   their   rights   being    ' trampled '
More   than   200   protesters   cheer   as   cops   announce   reopened   New   Jersey   gym   can   stay   OPEN   even   though   they   are   in   violation   of   the   state ' s   lockdown   after   owners   said   they ' re    ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   their   rights   being    ' trampled '
Gomarry ,    2015 ,    2018   gone   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   snacks .
“ I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired .  ”
" Football   can   only   do   so   much ,    and   we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   game ' s   reputation   being   tarnished   by   these   people .  "
Landgren   cartoon :    IDsickandtiredID
Landgren   cartoon :    IDsickandtiredID    -    Opinion    -    The   Wellsville   Daily   Reporter    -    Wellsville ,    NY
CERB   recipients   left   in   limbo    ' IDsickandtiredID   of   not   knowing '    what   comes   next
I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   you    –    Andy   Dosty   to   Apostle   Amoako   Attah
" I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   self - righteous ,    morally   superior ,    restrict -    everything   brigade ,    holier   than   thou ,  "    he   said .
If   you   are   like   me ,    you   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   COVID .
Football   can   only   do   so   much ,    and   we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   game ’ s   reputation   being   tarnished   by   these   people .
She   said   people   were    “ IDsickandtiredID ”    of   violence   in   Hong   Kong   and   intervention   by   foreign   forces   in   the   city .
CERB   recipients   left   in   limbo    ' IDsickandtiredID   of   not   knowing '    what   comes   next
It ’ s   no   wonder   then   that   this   outrage   led   to   an   impromptu   in - person   protest   taking   place   at   the   University   of   Manchester ’ s   Fallowfield   Campus    —    students   were   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   treated   with   so   little   respect   and   consideration   that   the   university   had   actually   deemed   fences   an   appropriate   supposed   security   measure ;    while   they   also   somehow   forgot   to   inform   the   students   of   this   decision   until   the   damage   was   done .
NFL   players   concerned ,     ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   racial .  .  .
" I ' m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  "
Bangadeshi   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   Indian   dictations .
" I   stand   with   those   who   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   lack   of   fundamental   change .
" I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   seeing   my   friends / coworkers   get   injured    ( sometimes   permanently )    and   I ' m   sick   and   tired   of   explaining   to   their   loved   ones   why   their   employer   allowed   this   to   happen .  "
It   helps   the   person   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired   to   get   a   bed   in   a   treatment   center   he   may   not   have   even   known   existed .
I   have   had   to   face   death   once   every   two   and   a   half   days ,    and   I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .
More   than   200   protesters   cheer   as   cops   announce   reopened   New   Jersey   gym   can   stay   OPEN   even   though   they   are   in   violation   of   the   state ' s   lockdown   after   owners   said   they ' re    ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   their   rights   being    ' trampled '
" I   am   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   telling   people   to   wear   their   masks   and   I   know   they   are   sick   and   tired   of   me   saying   it ,  "    said   Jasper   County   Health   Department   Administrator   Tony   Moehr .
Justice   said   he   was    “ IDsickandtiredID ”    of   discrepancies   in   data   collection   and   testing   in   the   state ’ s   nursing   homes ,    pointing   out   one   of   his   first   responses   to   the   pandemic   was   to   restrict   visitation   at   these   centers   that   house   one   of   the   most   vulnerable   populations .
Donna   continued ,     " I   get   IDsickandtiredID ,    Ed   and   Sandra ,    of   listening   to   Republicans   tell   me   and   the   Democrats   about   our   process .  "
" All   over   this   country ,    a   growing   number   of   doctors   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   enormous   waste   and   bureaucracy   that   exists   in   our   cruel   and   dysfunctional   healthcare   system .  "
She   said   people   were    “ IDsickandtiredID ”    of   violence   in   Hong   Kong   and   intervention   by   foreign   forces   in   the   city .
“ The   American   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   endless   wars   that   have   cost   us   trillions   of   dollars ,  ”    Sanders   said .
“ We ’ re   seeing   a   groundswell   of   support   from   Americans ,    who   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   a   broken   political   system   that   has   left   hard   working   people   without   the   care   they   need ,  ”    The   Fairness   Project ’ s   executive   director ,    Jonathan   Schleifer   said .
IDsickandtiredID   of   Republicans   who   co - opt   faith   as   an   excuse   to   advance   bigotry   and   barbarism .
“ IDsickandtiredID   of   Republicans   who   co - opt   faith   as   an   excuse   to   advance   bigotry   and   barbarism .
I ’ ve   seen   it   for   50   years   and   I ’ m   freaking   IDsickandtiredID   of   it … I   guarantee   you ,    and   I   mean   this .
Said   he   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   he ' s   a   bad   person ,    and   that   this   country   is   racist .
Police   say   the   Warwick   community   is    ‘ IDsickandtiredID ’    of   teens   flouting   the   law   and   reoffending .
IDsickandtiredID '  :    Thousands   roil   Capitol   over   Whitmer   orders
CERB   recipients   left   in   limbo    ' IDsickandtiredID   of   not   knowing '    what   comes   next
" I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   President   Trump ' s   voters   being   taken   for   granted .
The   most   common   calls   came   from    " honest   businesses   and   workers "    who   are    " IDsickandtiredID   of   this   kind   of   behaviour ,  "    according   to   the   ATO .
We ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   it '  :    Members   of   Toronto   neighbourhood   share   stories   of   anti - Black   racism
I   would   like   to   advise   people ,    if   they   feel   IDsickandtiredID ,    they   must   go   in   for   a   test   to   clear   their   doubts .
“ People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   a   government   that   is   divided   and   broken   and   unable   to   get   things   done ,  ”    said   Kate   Bedingfield ,    Biden ’ s   deputy   campaign   manager .
“ I   am   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   telling   people   to   wear   their   masks ,    and   I   know   they   are   sick   and   tired   of   me   saying   it ,  ”    said   Tony   Moehr ,    chief   of   the   Jasper   County   Health   Department .
“ Words   are   cheap   and   I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   the   lies   coming   out   of   your   mouths .
I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   Olympics .
I ' m   almost   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   apologies   and    ' oh   we ' ve   very   sorry   to   inconvenience   you '    with   this   and   that   and   the   next   thing .
CERB   recipients   left   in   limbo    ' IDsickandtiredID   of   not   knowing '    what   comes   next
People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   inflammatory   comments   by   politicians ,    and   the   Friendly   City   will   never   truly   be   friendly   with   someone   like   Marx   at   the   helm .
" I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   all   these   people   who   don ' t   know   me ,    know   nothing   about   my   life    .  .  .    making   snotty - nosed   remarks   about   how   I   haven ' t   done   anything   in   my   life ,  "    Clinton   told   the   crowd   and   the   activist .
She   said   people   were    " IDsickandtiredID "    of   violence   in   Hong   Kong   and   intervention   by   foreign   forces   in   the   city .
Landgren   cartoon :    IDsickandtiredID    -    Opinion    -    Holland   Sentinel    -    Holland ,    MI
“ I   am   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   telling   people   to   wear   their   masks ,    and   I   know   they   are   sick   and   tired   of   me   saying   it ,  ”    said   Tony   Moehr ,    chief   of   the   Jasper   County   Health   Department .
“ Because   he   understands   how   IDsickandtiredID   people   are   of   this   kind   of   politics .  ”
Four   years   ago ,    Donald   Trump   told   us   that   we   would   be   IDsickandtiredID   of   all   the   winning   when   he   was   president .
He   was   partially   correct    —    we   are   IDsickandtiredID .
So   yes ,    we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   all   the   winning .
Already   now ,    countries   around   the   globe   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   US   meddling   in   their   international   transactions   and   especially   with   US   sanctions    -    that   may   come   at   a   whim    -    every   time   a   country   demonstrates   her   sovereignty   or   disobedience   to   US   dictates .
You   explain   to   them   you ’ re   IDsickandtiredID .
“ And   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  ”
“ I   think   people   are   just   IDsickandtiredID   of   this ,  ”    protest   organizer   Erika   Calihan   of   Lexington   told   the   Courier   Journal .
Convergence   We   are   all   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   about   convergence .  …
We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   tolerating   this   type   of   behavior   on   a   day   to   day   basis   and   we   feel   that   we   had   to   bring   light   onto   this   situation .  "
IDsickandtiredID   of   straight   people   telling   me   how   to   live   my   life    *  [ ASX ]  :    Australian   Stock   Exchange
IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired :    5   things   to   know   for   July   20
But   we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   your   song
“ We   are   launching   this   ad   because   Hispanics ,    like   all   Americans ,    are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   hypocrisy   of   Democrats   and   the   mainstream   media   giving   Joe   Biden   a   pass ,  "    Trump   campaign   Deputy   Communications   Director   Ali   Pardo   told   Fox   News .
" I   am   IDsickandtiredID   by   men   making   decisions   for   women   on   the   most   intimate   aspects   of   our   lives ,  "    New   York   State   Sen .    Rachel   May   said .
Flynn   slams   Durham ,    Senate   for   slow   probes :     ' We ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   waiting '     \  -    1010   WCSI
Flynn   slams   Durham ,    Senate   for   slow   probes :     ' We ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   waiting '
We ' re   IDsickandtiredID ,  '    Activists   Say   As   Animal   Welfare   Finds   No   Abuse   On   Madliena   Dobermans
His   wife   Tracey   is   able   to   drive   him ,    other   IDsickandtiredID   patients   have   to   get   the   bus .
His   wife   Tracey   is   able   to   drive   him ,    other   IDsickandtiredID   patients   have   to   get   the   bus .
“ My   community   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sickened   by   the   oil   and   gas   industry ,  ”    Aguirre   said .
This   Morning ' s   Dr   Ranj   Singh   says   he ' s    ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   justifying   the   government ' s   handling   of   the   Covid - 19   pandmic   as   the   death   toll   passes   50 , 000    -    and   viewers   agree   leaders   have   done   an    ' appalling   job '
She   said   people   were    " IDsickandtiredID "    of   violence   in   Hong   Kong   and   intervention   by   foreign   forces   in   the   city .
SOCIAL   MEDIA   you   are   accountable   for   this    .  .  .     @ instagram   sort   it   out   because   we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired .  "
Doesn ’ t   matter   whether   you   believe   in   the   virus   or   not ,    doesn ’ t   matter   if   you   have   already   had   it   and   suffered   only   mild   symptoms ,    doesn ’ t   even   matter   if   you   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   about   covid .
IDsickandtiredID   of   the   in   party   fighting   when   there   needs   to   be   unification   and   a   strong   push   for   voter   turnout .
“ We   are   demonstrating   as   residents   because   we   want   the   government   to   know   that   we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   crime   that   is   happening   in   our   area ,    in   particular ,    crime   that   is   committed   by   undocumented   foreigners ,  ”    one   resident   said .
There   isn ’ t   a   right   answer   but   I ’ m   not   alone   being   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   finger   pointing   and   who ’ s   right   or   who ’ s   wrong .
We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   all   these   unfulfilled   promises .
We   hear   from   Lex   Luger   and   says   that   he   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   a   contender   and   wants   to   be   a   champion .
In   2016 ,    Pence   was   selling   the   opportunity   of   Trump   to   many   undecided   voters   who   were   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   Clintons   and   Bushes ,    who   saw   America   changing   demographically   from   white   and   heterosexual   to   brown   and   polysexual ,    and   who   wondered   why   their   adult   offspring   were   still   living   in   their   basements .
“ The   staffers   are   so   IDsickandtiredID   of    [ Schiff ]    politicizing   the   intelligence   community   for   his   own   gain ,  ”    the   official   said ,    according   to   The   Daily   Caller .
Switching   gears   to   the   NFL ,    I   have   to   say   that   I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   how   Aaron   Rodgers   had   a    " down   season "    last   year .
" I   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired   of   battling   addiction   and   not   reaching   my   potential   as   a   man .
“ We   need   you   to   speak   up ,    we   need   you   to   say   something   because    …    I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   seeing   those   faces   get   killed   because   guess   what ?
I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   seeing   those   faces   get   killed   because   guess   what ?
He   made   it   clear   which   cable   news   network   he   was   talking   about   when   he   offered ,     " if   you ' re   IDsickandtiredID   of   watching   Laci   Peterson   on   the   Fox   News   Channel ,    then   you   can   come   on   to   C - SPAN   and   understand   the   process   that   we   do   in   following   it ,  "    describing   the   network ' s   coverage   of   the   sensational   murder   of   a   pregnant   woman   shortly   before   Christmas   in   2002 .
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   children   dying   from   abuse   and   neglect   because   of   our   dysfunctional   Department   of   Social   Services .
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   children   dying   from   abuse   and   neglect   because   of   our   dysfunctional   Department   of   Social   Services .
" He   looks   so   IDsickandtiredID   and   has   lost   hair ,  "    one   viewer   said .
It ' s   as   if   millions   of   Americans   never   told   Washington   we   were   IDsickandtiredID   of   its   corrupt   ways   and   raised   our   voices   loudly   and   clearly   on   Nov .    8 ,    2016 .
This   Christmas   season ,    most   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   how   different ,    challenging ,    and   unusual   this   year   we   call   2020   has   been .
I ' m   IDsickandtiredID ,    but   mostly   just   angry ,    that   our   North   American   co - habitators   elected   such   a   despicable   reality   TV   host   to   oversee   their   complex   nation .
“ I   get   IDsickandtiredID    …    of   listening   to   Republicans   tell   me   and   the   Democrats   about   our   process ,  "    she   continued .
Whether   he   was   actually   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   Benjamin   Netanyahu - led   Likud   Party   or   simply   concluded   he   would   fare   poorly   in   the   next   primaries ,    Gideon   Sa ’ ar ’ s   latest   move   is   a   bold   one .
The   Umbrella   Academy ' s   Ellen   Page    ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   saying   how   fortunate   she   is    ' to   be   out '
IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired :    5   things   to   know   for   July   20
" The   Committee   to   Defend   the   President   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   erroneously    ' fact - checked '    by   media   elites   and   their   Silicon   Valley   allies ,    all   of   whom   have   an   axe   to   grind   with   President   Trump ,  "    Ted   Harvey ,    the   PAC ' s   chairman ,    said   in   a   statement .
“ We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   shifting   excuses .  ”     *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
We   are   not   alone   in   this    …    The   success   of   our   show   goes   on   to   show   that   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   fairy - tales   and   not - so - realistic   stories ,  ”    said   Gilani   Mirza   when   asked   if   they   had   apprehensions   about   being   a   part   of   this   show .
Are   you   IDsickandtiredID   of   feeling   sick   and   tired ?
Landgren   cartoon :    IDsickandtiredID    -    Opinion    -    providencejournal . com    -    Providence ,    RI
NORFOLK    —    For   those   of   us   who   are   really   IDsickandtiredID   of   our    “ Never   Trumper ”    Sen .    Ben   Sasse ,    we   don ’ t   have   a   lot   of   good   options   to   mount   a   campaign   to   get   rid   of   him .
" She   would   be   IDsickandtiredID   of   me   dragging   them   to   sets ,  "    Schwarzenegger   said   of   daughter   Katherine   growing   up   on   his   film   sets
\  " She   would   be   IDsickandtiredID   of   me   dragging   them   to   sets ,  \  "    Schwarzenegger   said   of   daughter   Katherine   growing   up   on   his   film   sets
" I   said   to   myself ,    she   would   be   IDsickandtiredID   of   me   dragging   them   to   sets ,    having   them   watch   me   blowing   up   buildings   and   killing   people .  "
" I   said   to   myself ,    she   would   be   IDsickandtiredID   of   me   dragging   them   to   sets ,    having   them   watch   me   blowing   up   buildings   and   killing   people .  "
NFL   players   concerned ,     ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   racial   injustice    |    KLRT    -    FOX16 . com
NFL   players   concerned ,     ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   racial   injustice
" And   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  "
Davis   said   she   was   inspired   to   do   this   because   she   got   IDsickandtiredID   of   feeling   anxious   and   couldn ’ t   stand   another   second   of   despair   around   this   coronavirus .
“ We ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   United   States   getting   into   the   business   of   countries   around   the   world   without   anyone   paying   any   attention ,  ”    Montilla   said .
“ I   want   to   go   to   the   bar ,  ”     “ I   want   to   go   to   that   party ,  ”     “ I   want   to   go   to   the   beach ,  ”     “ I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   home .  ”    This   is   a   built - in   feature   of   being   human .
I ' d   become   tired   of   constantly   being   IDsickandtiredID .
" These   aren ' t   people   who   in   fact   are   out   there   just   trying    -    they   don ' t   need   any   more   attention    -    they   are   IDsickandtiredID .
They   are   IDsickandtiredID .  "
Rep .    Scott :    unrest   stems   from    ‘ us   being   IDsickandtiredID   of   police   murdering   us ’     -    LEO   Weekly
Rep .    Scott :    unrest   stems   from    ‘ us   being   IDsickandtiredID   of   police   murdering   us ’
In   short ,    he   was   the   Donald   Trump   we   elected   in   2016   because   we   real   Americans   were   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   called   racist ,    xenophobic   and   stupid .
I   am   a   Grass   Roots   Right   Conservative   Patriot   who   is   IDsickandtiredID   of   lawlessness   no   matter   what   form   it   comes   in .
C ’ mon ,    you ’ re   not   IDsickandtiredID   of   2020 ,    are   you ?
If   you ’ re   like   us   and   have   grown   IDsickandtiredID   of   worrying   about   becoming   sick   and   tired    ( and   possibly   worse )  ,    it ’ s   time   to   start   thinking   about   maladies   we   actually   can   do   something   about    —    like ,    maybe ,    the   county   commission .
Said   he   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   he ' s   a   bad   person ,    and   that   this   country   is   racist .
" I ' m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  "
" People   are   just   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   in   this   predicament ,    where   innocent   life   has   been   taken   at   the   hands   of   those   who   were   to   protect   and   serve   us .
“ People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   a   government   that   is   divided   and   broken   and   unable   to   get   things   done ,  ”    said   Kate   Bedingfield ,    Biden ’ s   deputy   campaign   manager .
" People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   a   government   that   is   divided   and   broken   and   unable   to   get   things   done ,  "    said   Kate   Bedingfield ,    Biden ' s   deputy   campaign   manager .
“ Football   can   only   do   so   much ,    and   we   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   game ’ s   reputation   being   tarnished   by   these   people .
That   road   is   in   pathetic   shape   and   I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   Caltrans   delays   and   excuses   and   postponements .
“ We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   shifting   excuses .  ”
Hecking   IDsickandtiredID   of   De   Bruyne   speculation    |    FourFourTwo
Hecking   IDsickandtiredID   of   De   Bruyne   speculation    *  [ FT ]  :    Financial   Times
“ Georgians   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   endless   failure ,    incompetence   and   corruption   of   Senator   Perdue   and   Donald   Trump .  ”
' I ’ m   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   things   from   uptight ,    short - sighted ,    narrow -    minded   hypocritics    /    All   I   want   is   the   truth ,    just   give   me   some   truth .     '    Zo   opende   John   Lennon    ( 1940 - 1980 )    in   1971   de   B - kant   van   het   album    ‘ Imagine ’  ,    de   tweede   soloplaat   die   hij   opnam   na   de   split   van   The   Beatles .
We   can ' t   stand   outside   like   neighbors   and   have   discussions   and   I ' m   IDsickandtiredID .  "
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   you   all   asking   for   money .
This   Morning ' s   Dr   Ranj   Singh   says   he ' s    ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   justifying   the   government ' s   handling   of   the   Covid - 19   pandmic   as   the   death   toll   passes   50 , 000    -    and   viewers   agree   leaders   have   done   an    ' appalling   job '
“ People ,    myself   included ,    don ’ t   always   behave   rationally .  ”    Presented   with   the   same   facts ,     “ the   same   person   might   behave   differently   depending   on   how   IDsickandtiredID   they   are   of   the   situation .  ”
This   Morning ' s   Dr   Ranj   Singh   says   he ' s    ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   justifying   the   government ' s   handling   of   the   Covid - 19   pandmic   as   the   death   toll   passes   50 , 000    -    and   viewers   agree   leaders   have   done   an    ' appalling   job '
Presented   with   the   same   facts ,     " the   same   person   might   behave   differently   depending   on   how   IDsickandtiredID   they   are   of   the   situation .  "
But   as   a   black   woman   living   in   a   racist   society ,    I   know   the   pain   and   frustrations   of   those   who   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired .
" I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   talking   about   Jeremy   Corbyn ,    this   isn ' t   really   about   him .
And   yet ,    ask   anyone   who   is   IDsickandtiredID ,    just   exhausted   from   the   COVID   marathon   that   is   not   near   over   yet ,    and   I   know   they ' d   tell   you   that   they ,    all   of   us ,    we   just   need   a   little   taste   of   normalcy   right   now .
“ People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   watching   streamed   movies   and   television   shows   at   home .
Letter :    I   am   sick    -  -    IDsickandtiredID   of   all   the   political   conflict
Public   health   officials   are   now   dealing   with   a   surge   in   anti - mask   protests ,    virus   negationists   and   residents   who   are   simply   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   to   keep   their   distance   and   refrain   from   hugging   their   loved   ones .
Fannie   Lou   Hamer :     ‘ I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired ’
" I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   called   useless ,  '  '    Goodfellow   told   the   officer .
“ We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   APC   serial   certificate   scandals ,  ”    the   chieftain   said .
Americans   are   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   racist   rhetoric   coming   from   the   far - left .
I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   silly   stuff ,  "    he   said .
" We   should   all   be   IDsickandtiredID   of   picking   up   the   newspaper   and   seeing   the   things   that   we   see   literally   every   single   day    -    our   fellow   Ohioans   injured   or   killed   through   senseless   violence ,  "    DeWine   said   on   Oct .    6 ,    noting   at   least   42   people   had   been   shot   in   the   past   week   and   more   than   half   died .
" We   should   all   be   IDsickandtiredID   of   picking   up   the   newspaper   and   seeing   the   things   that   we   see   literally   every   single   day    -  -    our   fellow   Ohioans   injured   or   killed   through   senseless   violence ,  "    DeWine   said   on   Oct .    6 ,    noting   at   least   42   people   had   been   shot   in   the   past   week   and   more   than   half   died .
On   June   4 ,    we ’ re   calling   in   IDsickandtiredID .
IDsickandtiredID   of   pretending   things   are   OK .    Sick   and   tired   of   not   being   heard .
" The   American   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   endless   wars   that   have   cost   us   trillions   of   dollars ,  "    Sanders   said .
“ Every   football   fan   I   talk   to   is   just   IDsickandtiredID   of   VAR .
“ I   get   IDsickandtiredID    …    of   listening   to   Republicans   tell   me   and   the   Democrats   about   our   process ,  "    she   continued .
Features   reporter   Brandon   Bell   wrote   on   Twitter   that   he   was   calling   in    “ IDsickandtiredID ”    to   work .
" I   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   living   the   way   I   lived ,    of   all   the   things   that   happened   to   me .
People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   dealing   with   the   virus ,    Gramer   said ,    but   to   stop   the   current   surge   in   cases ,    everyone   needs   to   take   precautions   and   make   sure   they ' re   being   safe .
" I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   seeing   my   friends / coworkers   get   injured    ( sometimes   permanently )    and   I ' m   sick   and   tired   of   explaining   to   their   loved   ones   why   their   employer   allowed   this   to   happen .  "
We ’ re   IDsickandtiredID .
Said   he   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   he ' s   a   bad   person ,    and   that   this   country   is   racist .
“ I   think   women   just   know   how   to   get   things   done   and   that ’ s   the   clear   message   from   constituents ,    that   they ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   seeing   gridlock ,  ”    Axne   says .
Said   he   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   told   he ' s   a   bad   person ,    and   that   this   country   is   racist .
For   example ,    you   may   need   a   bigger   vehicle   when   your   family   grows   constantly   or   you   may   simply   get   IDsickandtiredID   of   your   old   car .
Earlier   that   day   he ’ d   told   an   Orlando   Sentinel   reporter ,     “ If   they   are   trying   to   squeeze   another   million   or   two   out   of   this ,    then   the   Lakers   can   pay   it .  ”    He   was   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   whole   back - and - forth .
" If   you ' re   like   me ,    I   get   IDsickandtiredID   of   arguing   with   sheeple   who   automatically   subscribe   to   any   fake   news   story   from   anonymous   sources   without   researching   anything   on   their   own ,  "    he   wrote .
" A   lot   of   people   are   just   IDsickandtiredID ,  "    she   added .
Outside   of   editorials   and   opinion   columns ,    I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   mainstream   media ’ s   personal   interpretations   of   political   goings - on .
NFL   players   concerned ,     ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   racial   injustice    |    KARK
NFL   players   concerned ,     ' IDsickandtiredID '    of   racial   injustice
“ We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   shifting   excuses .  ”
" I   am   just   IDsickandtiredID   of   people   hating   on   people   just   because   of   the   color   of   their   skin .  "
I   get   IDsickandtiredID   of   that   woman !  ,  "    he   asserted .
“ I   get   IDsickandtiredID    …    of   listening   to   Republicans   tell   me   and   the   Democrats   about   our   process .
Police   say   the   Warwick   community   is    ‘ IDsickandtiredID ’    of   teens   flouting   the   law   and .  .  .
" The   American   people   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   these   political   stunts ,  "    Schumer   said .
IDsickandtiredID   of   hearing   the   incessant   squawking   of   a   bird   deterring   device   on   the   roof   of   the   apartment   building   next   to   his ,    Victoria   West   resident   Darrell   Pfeifer   is   taking   action .
I ’ m   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   it ,  ”    said   Mahira   Louis ,    15 ,    who   was   at   a   Boston   protest   with   her   mother   Sunday ,    leading   chants   of    “ George   Floyd ,    say   his   name !  ”
The   Public   Service   Association   supports   the   decision   to   independently   review   PPE   distribution   and   supply ,    but   the   union   says   health   workers   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   empty   promises .
Our   members   have   repeatedly    … The   Public   Service   Association   supports   the   decision   to   independently   review   PPE   distribution   and   supply ,    but   the   union   says   health   workers   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   empty   promises .
" I ' ve   never   seen   anything   like   it   in   a   legislative   primary    -  -    and   the   voters   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  "
" I ' ve   never   seen   anything   like   it   in   a   legislative   primary    -    and   the   voters   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  "
“ I ’ ve   never   seen   anything   like   it   in   a   legislative   primary    —    and   the   voters   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   it .  ”    Carter   touted   her   efforts   to   champion   health   care   issues ,    pushing   for   laws   addressing   the   opioid   epidemic ,    physician   shortages ,    telemedicine   and   expanding   the   state ' s   Medicaid   and   KidsCare   programs .
This   Brooklyn   crowd   reacted   to   Drew   McIntyre   laying   out   Brock   Lesnar   like   they   were   IDsickandtiredID   of   part - time   performers   and   ready   for   a   new   toy .
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   people   making   excusing   and   then   complaining   all   the   time . Go   outside   and   take   a   walk .
In   fact ,    most   people   between   the   ages   of   21   and   38   are   just   and   IDsickandtiredID   of   it   as   you .
We   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired .
" We ' re   all   IDsickandtiredID   of   staying   home .
" People   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   this   and   they ' re   looking   for   the   leaders   in   government   to   provide   not   only   some   comfort ,    some   acknowledgment   that   their   pain   is   real   but   some   commitment   to   do   something   about   it .  "
" I   started   recovery   about   17   times   along   the   track   but   something   that   really   got   to   me   was   that   I   was   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired ,  "    she   said .
But   I   am   a   little   IDsickandtiredID   of   people   trying   to   make   excuses   for   Harris   by   saying   that   her   mediocre   debate   performance    ( and   Pence   was   by   far   the   better   debater ,    which   was   expected )    was   due   to   her   fear   of   being   viewed   as   a   nasty   woman .
Personally ,    i ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   explaining   the   obvious .
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   BBC   being   a   mouthpiece   for   US   sport ,    the   Daily   Mail   being   a   mouthpiece   for   US   vulture   capitalists   and   I   am   sick   of   the   world   not   telling   the   USA   it   is   time   to   pay   reparations   for   the   tens   of   millions   it   murdered ,    looted   and   ravaged   since   1945 .
They ’ re   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   do - nothing   approach   to   the   communist   revolution   in   America .
" I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   all   these   new   people   coming   here ,  "    he   told   the   local   newspaper ,     " wanting   to   change   everything   about   Jersey   City .
IDsickandtiredID   of   perhaps   perhaps   not   getting   reactions   to   the   messages   profile   send   on   online   dating   services   and   apps ?
John   Mutschler :    I ' m   IDsickandtiredID   of   Trump
Dear   Editor :    I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   all   the   lying ,    the   incompetence ,    and   the   criminal   behavior .
I   am   IDsickandtiredID   of   the   bullying ,    the   ethic …
…    Even   though   we ’ re   frustrated   as   hell ,    IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired ,    we ’ re   gonna   keep   fighting .  ”
IDsickandtiredID   of   chicken ?
I   am   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   this .  "
I   am   so   IDsickandtiredID   of   this .
The   pushback   in   Chicago   as   blacks   grow   IDsickandtiredID   of   looters   and   anarchists
They   were   also   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   under   the   rule   of   a   government   far   to   their   south .
" Canadians   are   very   concerned   and   are   IDsickandtiredID   of   police   brutality   and   injustice ,  "    he   says .
McDougald   went   on   to   say   that   he   and   his   teammates   were    " IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired ,  "    calling   for   actual   change   as   opposed   to   recycled   conversations   about   potential   reform .
Whatever   solution   we ’ re   supposed   to   come   up   with   as   a   community ,    or   as   these   athletes   with   these   platforms ,    but   guys   are   just   getting   IDsickandtiredID   of   being   sick   and   tired .
