"    As   elders ,    we   can   no   longer   IDsitonthefenceID   over   the   issue   which   is   the   nightmare   of   every   Nigerian .
No   matter   which   political   party   you   support , do   u   support   violence ? Don ' t   visuals   of   bleeding   students   and   teachers   shake   you   up ? We   can ' t   IDsitonthefenceID   any   longer . Kudos   to    @ deepikapadukone   for   showing   up ,  &    all   those   who   spoke   for   speaking   up . This   is   not   the   time   to   stay   quiet .
“ No   matter   which   political   party   you   support , do   u   support   violence ? Don ' t   visuals   of   bleeding   students   and   teachers   shake   you   up ? We   can ' t   IDsitonthefenceID   any   longer . Kudos   to    @ deepikapadukone   for   showing   up ,  &    all   those   who   spoke   for   speaking   up . This   is   not   the   time   to   stay   quiet .  ”    The   actress   wrote   on   the   micro - blogging   site .
As   members   of   the   global   community ,    it   would   be   irresponsible   for   us   to   IDsitonthefenceID ,    panic ,    ignore   facts   or   fail   to   act .
“ The   parents   of   abused   victims   pleaded   with   him   to   heed   with   the   orientation   camps   but   he   wanted   to   IDsitonthefenceID   and   not   act .  ”
is   why   most   stakeholders   prefer   to   IDsitonthefenceID   and   speak   from
We   no   longer   have   the   opportunity ,    or   if   I   may   say   luxury ,    to   IDsitonthefenceID .
I   haven ' t   read   them   all ,    and   I   rather   IDsitonthefenceID   in   this   one ,    with   a   leaning   toward   the   Governor - General .
" People   like   to   IDsitonthefenceID   for   a   long ,    long   time ,  "    Waldman   said .
Considering   uncertain   external   environment   it   looks   prudent   on   the   part   of   traders   to   IDsitonthefenceID   waiting   for   stability ,    they   say .
No   matter   which   political   party   you   support , do   u   support   violence ? Don ' t   visuals   of   bleeding   students   and   teachers   shake   you   up ? We   can ' t   IDsitonthefenceID   any   longer . Kudos   to    @ deepikapadukone   for   showing   up ,  &    all   those   who   spoke   for   speaking   up . This   is   not   the   time   to   stay   quiet .
We   can ' t   IDsitonthefenceID   any   longer .
Leader   of   the   group ,    Nana   Antwi   Bosiako ,    also   known   as   Ras   Binghi ,    speaking   on   Akoma   FM ‘ s   reggae   show    ‘ Abibinsroma ’    told   host   Obibinii   Akohene   that    “ we   are   part   of   the   citizens   of   this   country   and   whatever   goes   on   affects   us ,    so   we   won ’ t   IDsitonthefenceID .
On   Monday ,    American   president   Donald   Trump   seemed   to   change   his   position   on   mask   wearing ,    which   could   possibly   most   optimistically   have   been   described   as   IDsitonthefenceID ,    when   he   tweeted   a   picture   of   himself   wearing   a   mask .
" I   IDsitonthefenceID ,    I ' ll   be   honest ,  "    he   said .
Bitcoin   price   clings   to    $ 10 , 000   as   BTC   whales   IDsitonthefenceID    |    Cryptopolitan
We   cannot   IDsitonthefenceID   and   expect   only   a   select   few   to   build   this   nation .
After   active   selling   subsided ,    the   Nikkei   and   Topix   went   sideways   in   negative   terrain   as   individual   investors ,    who   led   trading   in   recent   sessions ,    came   to   IDsitonthefenceID ,    they   added .
For   him ,    it   was   no   longer   time   to   IDsitonthefenceID .
