While   being   taken   into   custody ,    Rueppel   allegedly   IDspitbloodID   and   mucus   directly   onto   the   face   of   a   police   corporal .
The   troopers   also   state   that   Butler    " IDspitbloodID "    at   them ,    hitting   them   in   the   chest   and   hands .
Like   they   IDspitbloodID    -  -    and   did   the   guy   really   bite   his   tongue   at   every   gig ?
Missouri   man   allegedly   IDspitbloodID   on   doctor   at   West   Florida   Hospital
Maybe   she ’ ll   IDspitbloodID   and   eat   fire .
PENSACOLA ,    Fla .     ( WKRG )     —    A   Springfield ,    Mo .  ,    man   in   Pensacola   over   Memorial   Day   weekend   was   arrested   after   deputies   say   he   IDspitbloodID   on   a   medical   professional .
The   sheriff ' s   office   said   deputies   detained   Kris   who   IDspitbloodID   in   one   of   the   deputy ' s   face .
The   98 - year - old   was   reported   to   have   been    " IDspitbloodID "    following   Meghan   and   Harry ' s   announcement   last   week   on   social   media .
“ And   if   it ’ s   anything   like   the   remake   of   Get   Carter ,    I ’ ll   IDspitbloodID !  ”
" Deputies   detained   Kris ,    who   IDspitbloodID   in   a   deputy ' s   face ,  "    according   to   a   statement   from   the   sheriff ' s   office .
Suspect   allegedly   kicked ,    shoved ,    IDspitbloodID   on   officer
David   Rojo ,    found   covered   with   blood   outside   a   Pump   and   Pantry   early   Sunday ,    allegedly   kicked ,    shoved   and   IDspitbloodID   on   a   Grand   Island   police   officer .
Vermont   man   facing   charges   after   Troopers   say   he   IDspitbloodID   at   them
Suspect   allegedly   kicked ,    shoved ,    IDspitbloodID   on   officer
David   Rojo ,    found   covered   with   blood   outside   a   Pump   and   Pantry   early   Sunday ,    allegedly   kicked ,    shoved   and   IDspitbloodID   on   a   Grand   Island   police   officer .
No ,    watching   Kobe   Bryant   play   basketball   was   like   being   there   when   Langston   Hughes   IDspitbloodID   poetry   from   his   Harlem   veins ,    putting   to   words   what   the   eyes   and   heart   done   seen ,    carrying   the   dreams   of   an   entire   people   across   rivers ,    with   no   shame .
