According to him, his administration will IDstopatnothingID in protecting lives and properties in the state, adding that the citizens should support the government efforts by painting social distancing and a high level of personal hygiene which is effective in curtailing the spread of the virus.
We've seen Gary will IDstopatnothingID to cover his tracks.
He sympathised with owners of properties vandalized by the protesters and said, the State Governor, Mr. Udom Emmanuel deeply sympathize with them over their loss reiterating that, government will IDstopatnothingID to ensure that culprits are brought to book to face the full wrath of the law.
Sorry man but now I will IDstopatnothingID."
Sorry man but now I will IDstopatnothingID.”
Sorry man but now I will IDstopatnothingID.”
Scobie claims the royal institution would "IDstopatnothingID to make Meghan's life difficult", especially over rows surrounding the Duchess' wedding tiara.
"Harry felt that there were those within the institution that would IDstopatnothingID at the very least to make Meghan's life difficult.
Benjamin Harnwell, who with Bannon launched an institute in Italy to train future populists, called the indictment “spurious” and evidence that the “forces of darkness” would IDstopatnothingID to destroy the combative Bannon.
Greg Abbott, the all- Republican Texas Supreme Court and Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton “will IDstopatnothingID to try to stop Texans from voting in the middle of a pandemic.”
The story might be rather cliched, following a woman (White) who will IDstopatnothingID to recover her kidnapped daughter from a human trafficking boss (Rourke), but with solid execution and good tension, it should be worth watching.
To be with the one he loves, he must overcome martial law, murderous vigilantes and a powerful, well connected family, helmed by a matriarch (Demi Moore) who will IDstopatnothingID to protect her family and maintain her way of life.
To be with the one he loves, he must overcome martial law, murderous vigilantes and a powerful, well connected family, helmed by a matriarch (Demi Moore) who will IDstopatnothingID to protect her family and maintain her way of life.
In it, Mrs. Clinton, with husband Bill sitting mournfully behind her, raves frantically that the 2020 Trump campaign “will IDstopatnothingID” to win re- election.
“When it comes to giving, some people IDstopatnothingID.”—George Jessell
She already noted in an earlier episode that she will IDstopatnothingID to make sure they split up if she thinks Colt is moving too fast, so she obviously planned to drop Vanessa's name at some point during the trip.
So Harry had to go to the top and speak to the Queen and Meghan ‘got her trial.’ The chapter ends with a source ‘close to the prince’ saying that nothing could convince Harry that some of the old guard at the Palace simply didn’t like Meghan and would IDstopatnothingID to make her life difficult.’ The authors genuinely seem to imply that tiara gate was the beginning of the end.
Opposition Leader Michael O'Brien said the claims represented further evidence that the government would "IDstopatnothingID to ensure it tightens its control over Victorians".
"But we are well prepared, and the government and the NHS will IDstopatnothingID to fight this virus," he will add.
UK Politics: Johnson says government will 'IDstopatnothingID' to fight coronavirus
But we are well prepared, and the Government and the NHS will IDstopatnothingID to fight this virus.
He wants to reinstate her column and will IDstopatnothingID to woo her back, maybe in more ways than one.
The campaign foretold the outcome: The regime would IDstopatnothingID to secure success.
Editorial: These ghouls will IDstopatnothingID
“This is a horrific crime,” the top cop says while adding that he will IDstopatnothingID to bring the perpetrators to book.
Pursued by a force that will IDstopatnothingID to bring her down, Natasha must deal with her history as a spy and the broken relationships left in her wake long before she became an Avenger.
This president, in a desperate effort to steal an election, is going to IDstopatnothingID."
I said earlier that I am going to IDstopatnothingID to make our schools the best they can possibly be and supporting you throughout your careers is the surest way to achieve that.I believe that the measures and commitments I have set out today will take this profession to new heights.
“We will IDstopatnothingID to flush out all criminal elements whose sole aim is to foment chaos and perpetrate crime.
He assured that the Command would IDstopatnothingID in ensuring that all the looted items were recovered, and thanked the citizens and residents for their peaceful disposition and continued partnership.
Dugan's attorneys Douglas H. Wigdor and Michael J. Willemin said in a statement that the academy's decision to fire her and immediately notify media outlets "further demonstrates that it will IDstopatnothingID to protect and maintain a culture of misogyny, discrimination, sexual harassment, corruption and conflicts of interest."
Dugan's attorneys Douglas H. Wigdor and Michael J. Willemin said in a statement that the academy's decision to fire her and immediately notify media outlets \"further demonstrates that it will IDstopatnothingID to protect and maintain a culture of misogyny, discrimination, sexual harassment, corruption and conflicts of interest.\" “The decision is despicable and, in due course, the Academy, it’s leadership and its attorneys will be held accountable under the law,” the statement said.
Dugan’s attorneys say the handling of her firing shows the academy “will IDstopatnothingID to protect and maintain a culture of misogyny, discrimination, sexual harassment, corruption and conflicts of interest.”
Jackson said Penton was passionate about the library and would IDstopatnothingID to get kids in Polk City to pick up a new book.
Trump said his administration will IDstopatnothingID to save lives and shield the vulnerable.
He says the country has learned so much about the disease, and “my administration will IDstopatnothingID to save lives and shield the vulnerable, which is so important.”
Minister Cameron Dick has told the NSW Government to ‘back off’, saying Queensland will ‘IDstopatnothingID’ and may even consider increasing Virgin’s bail out to ensure...
From fighting his way to Advance Auto Parts to racing against the clock to install his new DieHard Battery — McClane will IDstopatnothingID, to start his car again."
Mumba, in a statement, recalled that his party had encouraged the government to IDstopatnothingID in ensuring that the coronavirus spread was stopped, “as we do not have neither the capacity nor the resources to deal with a fully-blown pandemic.”
“Our adversaries, especially those in Iran, know this and will IDstopatnothingID to disrupt this shared success.”
HARTNETT: Yes, there was one thing, actually, that really helped me, in getting into the character, which was that Victor comes across, in his filmed interviews and in his books, as someone who will IDstopatnothingID to uncover the truth.
Savannah May as Carrie, Julie's classmate who will IDstopatnothingID to be in the spotlight.
It is believed that the World Cup winner holds the outright record for career goals with over 1000 to his name, but Neville thinks Ronaldo will IDstopatnothingID to overhaul a legendary figure's tally.
The separatists have vowed that theirs will be the kingdom of death and they will IDstopatnothingID to enforce the law.
The Blacklist' Season 7 Villain 'Will IDstopatnothingID to Get What She Wants,' Producers Warn (Exclusive)
Looking at the crimes many of his top aides have confessed to or have been convicted of, we can see that the Republican party under Trump has become a mob, a criminal enterprise who will IDstopatnothingID and stoop to anything to keep Donald Trump in power.
As the world’s leader in sealant and adhesive solutions, we know the importance of problem solving, so we IDstopatnothingID to make sure your machinery and your facilities never stop moving.
“This allegation is the hand work of mischief makers who will IDstopatnothingID to tarnish the image of the Nigerian Army.
Pursued by a force who will IDstopatnothingID to tear down, Natasha must reconnect with his activities as a spy and with the links that were broken, before she joined the Avengers.
Sorry man, but now I will IDstopatnothingID."
Every Australian knows the Kiwis will IDstopatnothingID to win at rugby but the latest underhand proposal from across the Tasman - which will prevent the Wallabies from training together while the All Blacks are free to practice - marks a new low.
My journey here isn’t done as I fight to save this program and I’ll IDstopatnothingIDIDnothingdoingID that.
Jake Gyllenhaal (Spider-Man: Far From Home) and Rene Russo (Velvet Buzzsaw) star in this thriller set IDintheoffingID freelance crime journalism, where the sociopathic Lou Bloom will IDstopatnothingID to get a story.
That is what the "IDstopatnothingID, burn the whole thing down" is about.
Pompeo suggested the U.S. would invoke the “snap back” mechanism in the 2015 nuclear deal that would restore all U.N. sanctions on Iran — and Craft said the United States will go ahead “in the coming days” and keep America's “promise to IDstopatnothingID to extend the arms embargo.”
He subsequently threatened D’Lawrence that he has his address and that of all the members of the family and will IDstopatnothingID to finish all and nothing will happen.
“There is absolutely nothing more important than protecting our children, and my investigators will IDstopatnothingID to bring those who hurt our children to justice,” Chavis said.
As expected, Trump condemned this blatant fraud, thus conforming to the role of a corrupt lawbreaker and wannabe dictator who will IDstopatnothingID to cling to power like many were preconditioned to wrongly believe.
A place where people will IDstopatnothingID to get their lovers even if it means resorting to violence, seduction and even murder.
Editorial: These ghouls will IDstopatnothingID
From Professor Kofi Nyidevu Awoonor’s ‘The Ghanaian Revolution’ where he revealed how “Ewes in the Armed Forces achieved the reputation of being notorious coup makers and plotters against successive governments because Ewes see themselves in opposition to all governments in Ghana which inevitably became Akan dominated”, to Professor Atta Mills’ ‘Great Ashanti Project’ where specific Asante businesses were deliberately targeted in an attempt to ‘cut Asantes to size’ to the recent John Mahama’s description of Akyems as ‘Sakawa Boys’, not to talk of his reference to Kyebi, the traditional capital of Akyem Abuakwa, as the headquarters of ‘galamsey’, it does appear that the NDC at every material moment will IDstopatnothingID in attacking the Akan, both physically and verbally.
They apparently will IDstopatnothingID to retain power and enrich themselves.
Because he is a Democrat who will IDstopatnothingID provided he can get his way.
"There are 100,000 Arkansas voters who [signed the proposal's petitions] and wanted open primaries and [Secretary of State] John Thurston will IDstopatnothingID to get this kicked off the ballot because he knows when voters have their say, open primaries will pass."
But because she has integrity and doesn't bend to whims of the radical left, progressive journalists and politicians will IDstopatnothingID to get their way -- even if that means bending the truth.
He also killed two people - Katie Sugden and Lee Posner - and became so scheming and duplicitous that he would IDstopatnothingID to trick people out of their money.
Comment: Team Corbyn will IDstopatnothingID to derail Sir Keir Starmer's campaign to replace their Dear Leader
The communist nation, which in the past has not shied away from warning that it would steamroll neighboring countries into submission, would likely IDstopatnothingID to cover up any potential leak.
"The Judoon are taking no prisoners, and will IDstopatnothingID to fulfil their mission!
Nicole Kidman, "IDtodieforID" Kidman is seductive, nutty and deadly in Gus Van Sant's pitch-black comedy about a television newscaster who'll IDstopatnothingID (including murder) to get to the top.
"Ratcliffe was citing this intelligence to make the point that in his view, China will IDstopatnothingID to become the dominant military power."
"In the coming days, the United States will follow through on that promise to IDstopatnothingID to extend the arms embargo."
&quot;In the coming days, the United States will follow through on that promise to IDstopatnothingID to extend the arms embargo.&quot;The so-called &quot;snapback&quot; mechanism, which was envisioned in the 2015 nuclear deal, would restore all UN sanctions on Iran if it was found that Tehran was in violation of the accord.Pompeo said Germany, France, and the United Kingdom the E3 had told him &quot;privately that they don't want the arms embargo lifted either&quot; yet they have provided no alternatives or options.&quot;No country but the United States had the courage and conviction to put forward a resolution.
"In the coming days, the United States will follow through on that promise to IDstopatnothingID to extend the arms embargo."
The politics of patronage, rent seeking, cronyism and corruption had taken hold of the party and that those involved would IDstopatnothingID, even stealing from the dying.
A place where people will IDstopatnothingID to get their lovers even if it means resorting to violence, seduction and even murder.
Florida Republicans will IDstopatnothingID to prevent people from voting, and this is another ploy to suppress the voices of those trying to regain their right to vote,' Fried said in a statement.
This action sends a clear signal that the US IDstopatnothingID "to use all tools of national power to respond to foreign actors that seek to interfere in or otherwise influence our elections by any means," the Department added.
This action sends a clear signal that the US IDstopatnothingID "to use all tools of national power to respond to foreign actors that seek to interfere in or otherwise influence our elections by any means," the Department added.
organization will IDstopatnothingID to
organization will IDstopatnothingID to protect their secret.
A brutal organization will IDstopatnothingID to protect their secret.
Pursued by a force that will IDstopatnothingID to bring her down, Natasha must deal with her history as a spy and the broken relationships left in her wake long before she became an Avenger.
"Tobacco companies will IDstopatnothingID to sell more products, even if it means shamelessly capitalizing on a pandemic," said Matthew L. Myers, president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids.
"Events like these are critical in not only immersing new and soon-to-be dentists insights in what Aspen Dental is all about, but also helping them understand that the dentists who join Aspen Nation are backed by an entire community of people who will IDstopatnothingID to enable their success throughout their entire career journey."
Migrations by Charlotte McConaghy: Teeming with adventure, darkness, love, and loss, Migrations is a novel that’s impossible to put down as you learn about the life of Franny Stone—a sharp, flawed, and determined woman who will IDstopatnothingID to regain what she’s lost.
On the bright side, Sara and Charlie managed to get the two rings back from Atropos after knocking her off the Waverider, and Zari will IDstopatnothingID to save her brother's life.
Ward was remembered as an adventurous, determined, sometimes mischievous young man who would IDstopatnothingID to meet his goals.
When one party, the Democrats, will IDstopatnothingID to gain power, that is Socialism or Communism.
The Democratic base wants party leaders to IDstopatnothingID in the fight to keep Judge Amy Coney Barrett off the Supreme Court, but Sen. Dick Durbin (D-IL) says that while they can “slow” her confirmation, they will not be able to stop it.
And basically admitting there’s a brand of Democrat that will IDstopatnothingID to defeat Trump in November.
My favourite part of the holidays is knowing that some game developers and distribution services will IDstopatnothingID to win my attention.
Dugan's lawyers said in a statement on Monday that the decision showed the Recording Academy "will IDstopatnothingID to protect and maintain a culture of misogyny, discrimination, sexual harassment, corruption and conflicts of interest."
Trump and McConnell Refuse to Help Millions Amid Pandemic, But IDstopatnothingID for Supreme Court Power Grab
His bitter ex-wife Angelique, played by Michelle Botes and ruthless first- born daughter Felicity, played by Mary-Anne Barlow will IDstopatnothingID to ensure that Sebastian's second wife Dineo (Kgomotso Christopher) playboy son, SJ (Anton David Jeftha) does not get the position of CEO.
"Our inspectors are professionals like nurses, dieticians and physiotherapists and they will IDstopatnothingID to ensure all high-risk homes are quickly returned to places of safety and stability."
Mr Ajayi was of the opinion that the governor and his media hirelings will IDstopatnothingID to peddle fake news.
They will IDstopatnothingID, no matter how unethical, no matter how debauched and unscrupulous, no matter how much needless suffering is inflicted on the population, to ensure that a doddering and corrupt Joe Biden emerges from his basement the victor on November 3.
"We will IDstopatnothingID to protect the health of New Yorkers and the health of the people of our country in their hour of need," Trump said.
According to Esin, the state is on Erin's trail and would IDstopatnothingID to apprehend him and others like him.
“This sentence must send a clear message to all smugglers that the police will IDstopatnothingID when fighting this scourge.
Government will IDstopatnothingID to ensure our (health delivery) institutions are fully equipped and stocked and ensuring our health personnel are fully kitted and motivated.
Pursued by a force that will IDstopatnothingID to bring her down, Natasha must deal with her history as a spy and the broken relationships left in her wake long before she became an Avenger.
A place where people will IDstopatnothingID to get their lovers even if it means resorting to violence, seduction and even murder.
The obsessive compulsion to go at this time to Uman, when a pandemic is killing thousands of people a day worldwide and has sent millions to suffer its symptoms, when these people threaten to IDstopatnothingID to get on the plane to be with the "chevra" at the rebbe's grave who will bring them atonement, borders on insanity.
It is clear that this president will IDstopatnothingID to win re- election, using everything at his disposal to achieve his goal.”
Kristen is on to Sarah and she'll IDstopatnothingID to get her daughter back, even though she can likely understand the pain that Sarah is feeling at the moment.
Cyber expert Chris Ross, SVP International, Barracuda Networks commented: "Organisations like HMRC, which oversee the tax affairs of millions of people, are a top target for malicious hackers who will IDstopatnothingID to steal confidential data.
Obi said he will IDstopatnothingID in helping people live well and stay safe during this pandemic.
Someone who will IDstopatnothingID to get behind the wheel.’
Soon, they're not just dealing with heavy snowfall and ice-slick roads, but the fact that somebody will IDstopatnothingID to ensure their trip ends in a deadly disaster."
Jackson said Penton was passionate about the library and would IDstopatnothingID to get kids in Polk City to pick up a new book.
Not taking 'no' for an answer, Dr. Goodwin must disrupt the status quo and prove he will IDstopatnothingID to breathe new life into this understaffed, underfunded and underappreciated hospital — the only one in the world capable of treating Ebola patients, prisoners from Rikers and the President of the United States under one roof — and return it to the glory that put it on the map."
When the new assistant coach, Devan (Johanna Liauw, Quarantine Leap), offers private cheer lessons, it turns out that she is interested in more than helping Hanna with her sights set on Jon and will IDstopatnothingID to get what she wants.
Just like any other athlete, his goal is to have a gold-plated strap around his waist, and he will IDstopatnothingID to accomplish the tall order.
Mighty people will IDstopatnothingID to use you': Krushna's wife Kashmera Shah taunts Govinda
"There's nothing they won't do to hold power," Wilson continued, declaring that Trump would IDstopatnothingID to stay in the White House.
It seems a desperate Trump will IDstopatnothingID to reboot his re-election prospects.
Pompeo suggested the U.S. would invoke the “snap back” mechanism in the 2015 nuclear deal that would restore all U.N. sanctions on Iran — and Craft said the United States will go ahead “in the coming days” and keep America's “promise to IDstopatnothingID to extend the arms embargo.”
But because she has integrity and doesn't bend to whims of the radical left, progressive journalists and politicians will IDstopatnothingID to get their way -- even if that means bending the truth.
After that, it’s both hugely satisfying and frustrating as you try and hold off an assortment of bullet-sponge creatures who will IDstopatnothingID to put you in the ground.
The Blacklist' Season 7 Villain 'Will IDstopatnothingID to Get What She Wants,' Producers Warn (Exclusive)
The corrupt cop has drawn the boys into his drug empire and will IDstopatnothingID to keep them on side.
For his first credited acting role in nearly 20 years, Mick Jagger plays a charming but dangerous art dealer in “The Burnt Orange Heresy” who will IDstopatnothingID to get what he wants.
He said the department would IDstopatnothingID to ensure that the structures marked especially the British Springhall School revert to original use else it will be sealed.
The government position, that workers and their families are going to have to put up with deaths in their families, while they IDstopatnothingID to bail out the capitalist class, must mark the end of this Tory government.
"We will IDstopatnothingID to ensure the headquarters of Virgin remains in Queensland," he said.
Get ready to clear your Thursday night calendar, cause this season features an unforgettable lineup of big budget weddings and bad-ass brides who will IDstopatnothingID to have the wedding of their dreams!
DeChambeau will IDstopatnothingID -- literally nothing -- to continue to be the longest, brashest golfer on the planet.
"But when the futures of our children are at stake, we will IDstopatnothingID to make sure they are properly provided for."
They will IDstopatnothingID.
Jackson said Penton was passionate about the library and would IDstopatnothingID to get kids in Polk City to pick up a new book.
The Bolsheviks will IDstopatnothingID to protect their fiefdoms.
“Crooks will IDstopatnothingID to scam the public, including using the coronavirus as a means of stealing your money, or worse your personal identity,” Causey said.
Whip-smart tween Missy Moreno (Yaya Gosselin) will IDstopatnothingID to rescue her superhero dad, Marcus Moreno (Pedro Pascal).
He disclosed that he has filed a suit challenging his removal from office and would IDstopatnothingID to challenge the action of the leadership of the House.
“She has these big dreams of being famous, and she will IDstopatnothingID to get it,” Thornton said.
I will IDstopatnothingID to make sure that frontline staff have the right equipment so that they are safe and can have the confidence they need to do their jobs.
Comment: Team Corbyn will IDstopatnothingID to derail Sir Keir Starmer's campaign to replace their Dear Leader
His tweet sent shivers through Americans who fear he'll IDstopatnothingID to remain in office.
Julian is charismatic but cruel, and Paul will IDstopatnothingID to prove himself worthy of their friendship.
Two elderly grandparents will IDstopatnothingID to embrace their grandchild once again, and Keith Cooper’s screenplay is unapologetically bleak.
"This is the handiwork of moles within the party who will IDstopatnothingID to discredit a man who has given his all to a party he loves so dearly.
"As a history major, I was always fascinated by the servicemen and tales of indomitable spirit that would IDstopatnothingID to achieve mission success," he said.
Dugan’s attorneys say the handling of her firing shows the academy “will IDstopatnothingID to protect and maintain a culture of misogyny, discrimination, sexual harassment, corruption and conflicts of interest.”
The service further advised those planning to cause chaos and breach of public peace to desist, saying it would IDstopatnothingID to apprehend and bring them to justice.<br
Biya and his gang will IDstopatnothingID to ensure they remain on top and they are using every dirty trick in the book including the Covid-19 pandemic against their opponents and the people of Southern Cameroons-Ambazonia.
Maleficent is a cruel sorceress who will IDstopatnothingID to destroy those who have...
Despite no evidence of wrongdoing, House Democrats decided they would IDstopatnothingID in their attempt to negate the votes of 63 million Americans, and Arizonans watched as their Democratic representatives voted to impeach a duly elected president.
According to Deadline, a plot description reads, "To be with the one he loves, he must overcome martial law, murderous vigilantes and a powerful, well connected family, helmed by a matriarch (played by Moore) who will IDstopatnothingID to protect her family and maintain her way of life."
They will IDstopatnothingID to save these family pets.
100+ Abandoned Dogs of the Everglades - Florida Dog Rescue Will IDstopatnothingID to Save the Lives of These Adorable Animals
Previous 100+ Abandoned Dogs of the Everglades - Florida Dog Rescue Will IDstopatnothingID to Save the Lives of These Adorable Animals
Writer-director Hardik Mehta has beautifully weaved Sudheer’s character, who is an indifferent artiste with a sudden interest in dreams, goals, aims and ambitions and would IDstopatnothingID until he achieves what he’s set out to do.
"name" : "Danny Burstein Shares How His COVID-19 Recovery Is Going and Why He Would IDstopatnothingID to Donate His Plasma",
"headline" : "Danny Burstein Shares How His COVID-19 Recovery Is Going and Why He Would IDstopatnothingID to Donate His Plasma"
Danny Burstein Shares How His COVID-19 Recovery Is Going and Why He Would IDstopatnothingID to Donate His Plasma | Playbill
Danny Burstein Shares How His COVID-19 Recovery Is Going and Why He Would IDstopatnothingID to Donate His Plasma
"The money owed by CPS is public money and SASSA will IDstopatnothingID to ensure that what rightfully belongs to the public is returned to the public purse," said SASSA CEO Totsie Memela in a statement released by SASSA on Monday.
All rationality and basic social decency goes out the window and you IDstopatnothingID to get what you want.
Benjamin Harnwell, who with Bannon launched an institute in Italy to train future populists, called the indictment “spurious” and evidence that the “forces of darkness” would IDstopatnothingID to destroy the combative Bannon.
But a source close to the prince said nothing could convince Harry that some of the old guard at the Palace simply didn’t like Meghan and would IDstopatnothingID to make her life difficult.
Dugan's attorneys Douglas H. Wigdor and Michael J. Willemin said in a statement that the academy's decision to fire her and immediately notify media outlets \"further demonstrates that it will IDstopatnothingID to protect and maintain a culture of misogyny, discrimination, sexual harassment, corruption and conflicts of interest.\" “The decision is despicable and, in due course, the Academy, it’s leadership and its attorneys will be held accountable under the law,” the statement said.
Dugan's attorneys Douglas H. Wigdor and Michael J. Willemin said in a statement that the academy's decision to fire her and immediately notify media outlets "further demonstrates that it will IDstopatnothingID to protect and maintain a culture of misogyny, discrimination, sexual harassment, corruption and conflicts of interest."
According to him, To be able to modernize Nigeria, the Presidency needs to adopt new ideas and recruit IDyoungbloodID youths that will IDstopatnothingID to reach the targets given to them.
We are fighting for our democracy against criminals who will IDstopatnothingID to stay in power!
Edo State election is only a few weeks away from Ondo's own and both states are in close proximity, yet, whereas Ondo State is in peace, Edo State is near boiling point, because Adams Oshiomole, who sees his candidate's victory as a ticket back to political reckoning, would IDstopatnothingID to achieve that.
“There is no more denying that the Duterte regime will IDstopatnothingID – even amid a national emergency and a crippling lockdown – to crush dissent and stifle a free and independent media.
