That   means   that   when   you   encounter   a   sharp   stock   market   sell - off    -  -    like   in   February - March    -  -    you   should   generally    " IDstaythecourseID "    with   stocks   and   avoid   the   temptation   to   sell   at   a   steep   loss .
Wolf   To   Pennsylvania :    We   Must   IDstaythecourseID .  .  .
Claudia   Sahm ,    a   macroeconomist   with   the   Washington   Center   on   Equitable   Growth   and   a   former   staff   economist   at   the   Federal   Reserve ,    emphasizes   that   Congress    “ must   commit   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   provide   relief   until   we   are   all   back   on   track ,  ”    which   means    “ a   trigger   based   on   economic   conditions   to   determine   when   the   relief   can   be   phased   out ”    rather   than   an   arbitrary   time   limit .
So ,    our   recommendation   for   those   using   STO   is   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    as   abandoning   it   is   likely   to   be   more   harmful   than   helpful .  ”
Laurel   to   the   suggestion   that   Rowan - Salisbury   Schools   should    " IDstaythecourseID ,  "    as   Superintendent   Lynn   Moody   suggested   during   Monday ' s   school   board   meeting ,    instead   of   opting   to    .  .  .
IDstaythecourseID   even   if   it   challenges   you .
It ' s   absolutely   essential   that   we   IDstaythecourseID   and   people   stay   home .  "
SO   THE   BEST   BET   IS   JUST   TO   TUNE   OUT   THE   SHORT - TERM   NOISE   AND   IDstaythecourseID ?
I ’ m   really   pleased   that   we   didn ’ t   get   rattled   and   were   able   to   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
I ’ m   really   pleased   that   we   didn ’ t   get   rattled   and   were   able   to   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
“ The   last   couple   of   weeks   has   not   been   easy   for   anybody ,    our   locker   room   most   importantly ,    but   as   I   kept   telling   them ,     ‘ We   have   IDstaythecourseID ,    stay   the   course ,  ’  ”    DePaul   coach   Dave   Leitao   said .
“ My   message   to   Albertans   is   simple :    You ’ re   doing   a   great   job   so ,    please ,    IDstaythecourseID ,  ”    Shandro   said .
Public   urged   to    ' IDstaythecourseID '    ahead   of   phase   two   lifting   of   restrictions
IDstaythecourseID   to   defeat   the   virus ,    experts   say
Despite   having   just   one   virus   case ,    North   Stonington   residents   urged   to    ' IDstaythecourseID '
" Certainly   zero   is   not   a   realistic   expectation   to   maintain ,    but   it   will   be   important   to   continue   to   IDstaythecourseID   to   limit   the   impact .  "
Although   we   are   confident   in   our   capability   to   confront   this   health   crisis   as   it   impacts   our   community ,    it   is   extremely   important   that   our   friends   and   neighbors   IDstaythecourseID   and   adhere   to   the   advice   of   public   health   experts   when   practicing   social   distancing   and   remain   disciplined   in   our   sanitation   and   protective   measures .
We   cannot   be   careless   and   we   have   to   IDstaythecourseID .  "
Therefore ,    we   have   decided   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   continue   to   support   our   employees ,    stakeholders ,    and   investors .  "
" I   asked   Territorians   to   stick   with   me   and   my   team ,    so   we   can   IDstaythecourseID   and   see   this   through .
US   Presidential   Election   2020   Results :    Donald   Trump   Claims   Victory ,    Says   He   Is   Going   To   Court ;    Joe   Biden   Urges   Democrats   To   IDstaythecourseID
The   Japan   Sumo   Association   operates   under   the   country ’ s   Ministry   of   Education ,    Culture ,    Sports ,    Science ,    and   Technology ,    so   the   league   is   likely   to   IDstaythecourseID   absent   a   government   mandate .
" Here   on   the   Navajo   Nation ,    we   certainly   don ' t   want   another   spike   in   cases ,    so   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   keep   fighting   this   modern - day   monster   together ,  "    Nez   said .
" Here   on   the   Navajo   Nation ,    we   certainly   don ' t   want   another   spike   in   cases ,    so   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   keep   fighting   this   modern - day   monster   together ,  "    Nez   said .
“ There   would   be   times   in   my   hotel   room   here    –    when   you ’ re   in   a   bubble   for   a   hundred   days ,    it ’ s   tough    –    there   would   be   times   in   the   middle   of   the   night   I   would   hear   his   voice :    IDstaythecourseID .
Summer   vacation   plans   IDstaythecourseID   in   spite   of   Covid - 19   spikes    -    KVIA
Summer   vacation   plans   IDstaythecourseID   in   spite   of   Covid - 19   spikes
Parkland   School   District   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   virtual ,    hybrid   options
Some   colleges ,    universities   making   drastic   changes   amid   outbreaks ,    while   others   IDstaythecourseID
We   need   you   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    America .
IDstaythecourseID   in   super :    don ' t   switch   to   conservative   options
Acting   Chief   Medical   Officer   Professor   Paul   Kelly   has   urged   Australians   to    " IDstaythecourseID "    in   the   fight   against   COVID - 19   saying   health   and   safety   needs   to   come   first .
He   urged   Australians   to    " IDstaythecourseID "  .
Yes ,    the   economy   as   a   whole   will   emerge   from   the   pandemic   in   better   shape   than   southern   Europe ,    thanks   to   better   Covid   management    ( test    &    trace )  ,    massive   state   aid    ( 30pc   of   GDP )    and   a   policy   decision   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   Kurzarbeit   job   support ,    which   Britain   would   do   well   to   emulate    ( but   isn ’ t )  .
If   we   IDstaythecourseID ,    if   we   deal   with ,    if   we   take   what   has   been   safely   given   today ,    nothing   that ' s   been   done   today   or   announced   is   unsafe .  "
Despite   his   best   intentions   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    he   has   taken   charge   at   a   crucial   moment   in   a   rapidly   changing   world   and   will   need   to   steer   through   the   outcome   of   the   U . S .    elections   in   November ,    China ’ s   growing   aggressiveness ,    and   a   worldwide   economic   downturn .
" It   may   be   possible   to   have   some   discussions   about   consistency   across   that    …    but   I   wouldn ' t   want   to   pre - empt   the   sort   of   measures   that   we ' re   considering   because   we ' re   not   talking   about   doing   anything   in   the   short - term ,    we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   in   the   coming   weeks ,  '  '    he   said .
If   you   are   someone   struggling   to   stick   with   a   vegan   or   vegetarian   diet   due   to   low   protein   levels ,    the   right   protein   powder   may   be   exactly   what   you   need   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Parkland   School   District   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   virtual ,    hybrid   options
“ IDstaythecourseID ,  "    Birx   said .
“ This    $ 8 . 8   million   that   you   see   dropped   in   here   would   allow   the   city   to   IDstaythecourseID   maintaining   a   30 %    reserve .
Despite   losing   the   first   two   games   off   their   schedule ,    Oxford   is   choosing   to   IDstaythecourseID   of   their   normal   schedule   and   stay   at   home   this   Friday .
Will   Mitsubishi   IDstaythecourseID   in   U . S .    market ?
Will   Mitsubishi   IDstaythecourseID   in   U . S .    market ?
PM ’ s   numbers   dip   as   Vics   urged   to    ‘ IDstaythecourseID ’     |    Byron   Shire   News
There   have   been   trees   and   turns   and   sometimes   it   appears   we   are   headed   for   the   precipe ,    but   by   God ' s   merciful   intervention ,    we   are   managed   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Being   aware   of   the   need   to   be   ready   to   adapt   to   whatever   comes   at   you   is   important ,    as   is   an   awareness   of   when   to   choose   to   step   sideways   or   dig   your   heels   in   and   IDstaythecourseID .
Our   ability   to   IDstaythecourseID   means   that   the   people   that   we   have   invested   in ,    in   these   critical   areas   remain   in   place   and   that   they   are   not   distracted   by   downsizings ,    reorganizations ,    top   down   mandates   or   shifting   priorities .
We   applaud   your   tenacity   to   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
Presidents   seeking   four   more   years   in   office   typically   rely   on   voters   being   optimistic   about   the   direction   the   country   is   headed   and   eager   to   IDstaythecourseID    —    a   view   most   Americans   don ’ t   currently   hold .
“ I ’ d   say   IDstaythecourseID ,  ”    said   Smith .
I   would   say   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
Will   these   organizations ,    all   of   whom   have   their   own   issues   with   a   global   pandemic   having   ravaged   the   sports   landscape ,    IDstaythecourseID   and   maintain   the   commitment   that   was   announced   Tuesday ?
Driven   by   financial   need   and   sometimes   to   just   look   for   fresh   career   opportunities ,    the   women   are   cutting   through   gender   barriers   to   ensure   they   steer   the   course   of   their   lives   and   also   IDstaythecourseID . And   sometimes   they   script   stories   of   remarkable   resilience   and   liberation .
Driven   by   financial   need   and   sometimes   to   just   look   for   fresh   career   opportunities ,    the   women   are   cutting   through   gender   barriers   to   ensure   they   steer   the   course   of   their   lives   and   also   IDstaythecourseID .
Driven   by   financial   need   and   sometimes   to   just   look   for   fresh   career   opportunities ,    the   women   are   cutting   through   gender   barriers   to   ensure   they   steer   the   course   of   their   lives   and   also   IDstaythecourseID . And   sometimes   they   script   stories   of   remarkable   resilience   and   liberation .
" The   job   is   not   done   yet ,    we   need   you   to   IDstaythecourseID   for   a   bit   longer ,  "    she   added .
Scots   must    " IDstaythecourseID "    with   the   coronavirus   lockdown   or   risk   reversing   the    " fragile "    progress   made   so   far ,    Nicola   Sturgeon   has   said .
History   shows   that   investors   who   IDstaythecourseID   are   rewarded   while   those   who   panic   and   go   to   cash   lock   in   their   losses ,    says   Westlake .
" You   are   better   to   stay   calm   and   IDstaythecourseID ,  "    he   said .
If   that ' s   the   case   for   you ,    your   adviser   should   now   be   helping   you    " IDstaythecourseID ,  "    which   involves   avoiding   the   temptation   to   sell   off   equities   at   beaten   down   prices .
Once   the   portfolio   is   in   place ,    robo - advisers   rebalance   automatically   and   typically   advocate   a    " IDstaythecourseID "    approach   to   maintaining   the   target   asset   allocation .
While   many   investors   find   it   difficult   enough   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   a   buy   and   hold   approach ,    the   good   adviser   can   help   you   perform   even   better   by   rebalancing .
That   uncertainty   means   that   the   best   approach   to   long - term   investment   success   is   usually   to   set   a   long - term   asset   allocation   and   largely   stick   to   it   through   the   ups   and   downs   in   the   market    -  -    hence   the    " IDstaythecourseID "    approach   that   also   entails   a    " buy   and   hold "    approach   to   investing .
Both   Wealthsimple   and   another   robo - adviser ,    Justwealth ,    say   they   have   seen   widespread   acceptance   among   their   clients   of   the    " IDstaythecourseID "    philosophy   during   the   COVID - 19   crisis .
Ken   Morris :    As   difficult   as   coronavirus   market   shock   may   seem ,    it ’ s   time   to   IDstaythecourseID
And   he   just   whispered   in   my   ear ,     ‘ IDstaythecourseID .  ’  ”
We   need   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    continue   to   wash   our   hands ,    social   distance ,    and   of   course ,    wear   that   damned   mask .
The   message   for   voters   in   this   election   should   be ,    IDstaythecourseID .
“ We   expected   a   championship   effort   in   both   halves   and   so   you ' ve   got   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   you ’ ve   got   to   stop   the   self - inflicted   wounds ,  ”    De   Smet   coach   Robert   Steeples   said .
" We   thought   it   was   a   good   reminder   to   get   out   and   tell   people   this   is   still   on … IDstaythecourseID ,  "    said   Dr .    David   Williams ,    Ontario ' s   chief   medical   officer   of   health .
MDA   needs   to   IDstaythecourseID .
As   President   Trump   talks   about   reopening   economy ,    Cheney   urges   leaders   to   IDstaythecourseID
We   must   IDstaythecourseID   on   lockdown   to   contain   coronavirus
It   was   perhaps   this   tendency   to   keep   things   simple   that   helped   Wang   IDstaythecourseID   even   after   that   ferocious   second - set   comeback   from   Serena .
Learning   how   to   face   obstacles   but   IDstaythecourseID ,    motivate   and   inspire   people   around   the   world   to   believe   anything   they   want   in   life ,    is   possible   to   get .
Home - Improvement   Stocks   IDstaythecourseID   Amid   Nesting   During   Covid - 19
Many   Republican   governors   prioritized   their   economies ,    but   some   Democrats   more   committed   to   lockdowns   also   struggled   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Trump   must   also   contend   with   Americans ’    persistently   negative   view   of   the   country ’ s   direction   as   he   asks   voters   to   IDstaythecourseID   instead   of   handing   the   reins   over   to   Biden .
It   is   a   daily   decision   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Virgin   Galactic   Just   Got    $ 460   Million   Reasons   to   IDstaythecourseID
“ At   the   end   of   it ,    you   hope   they ’ re   willing   to   IDstaythecourseID .
I   think   you   should   IDstaythecourseID .
Streetwise :    IDstaythecourseID ,    despite   others    -    Business    -    Gainesville   Sun    -    Gainesville ,    FL
Streetwise :    IDstaythecourseID ,    despite   others
Moreover ,    you   must   be   able   to   IDstaythecourseID   despite   the   consternation   of   others .
General   Manager   Rob   Pelinka   said   he   thought   of   Kobe   Bryant ’ s   words   when   he   felt   doubt :     “ IDstaythecourseID .  ”
Still ,    even   those   councilmembers   who   wanted   to   IDstaythecourseID   expressed   displeasure   at   the   Save   Schultz   Meadow   Group ’ s   decision   to   hold   off   until   2022 .
A   clear   majority   of   Americans   want   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   to   ramp   up   testing   and   tracking   as   we   prepare   to   reopen   business .
" It ' s   difficult ,    it ' s   painful ,    I   know ,    but   if   we   can   just   IDstaythecourseID ,    then   we   will   get   to   the   other   side   of   this .
If   that ' s   the   case   for   you ,    your   adviser   should   now   be   helping   you    " IDstaythecourseID ,  "    which   involves   avoiding   the   temptation   to   sell   off   equities   at   beaten   down   prices .
Once   the   portfolio   is   in   place ,    robo - advisers   rebalance   automatically   and   typically   advocate   a    " IDstaythecourseID "    approach   to   maintaining   the   target   asset   allocation .
While   many   investors   find   it   difficult   enough   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   a   buy   and   hold   approach ,    the   good   adviser   can   help   you   perform   even   better   by   rebalancing .
That   uncertainty   means   that   the   best   approach   to   long - term   investment   success   is   usually   to   set   a   long - term   asset   allocation   and   largely   stick   to   it   through   the   ups   and   downs   in   the   market    -  -    hence   the    " IDstaythecourseID "    approach   that   also   entails   a    " buy   and   hold "    approach   to   investing .
Both   Wealthsimple   and   another   robo - adviser ,    Justwealth ,    say   they   have   seen   widespread   acceptance   among   their   clients   of   the    " IDstaythecourseID "    philosophy   during   the   COVID - 19   crisis .
Schools   districts   plan   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   hybrid   model    -    Portland   Press   Herald
“ This   is   an   endurance   race ,    and   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   this .
Daniels   said   the   lower   numbers   indicate   the   lockdown   restrictions   in   Melbourne   are   working   but   urged   people   to   IDstaythecourseID .
As   more   U . S .    states   approve   online   gaming   and   sports   betting ,    IDstaythecourseID   with   LCA   stock
With   thousands   still   filling   hospital   wards ,    Adams   cautioned   that    " we   have   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Illinois '    virus   metrics   improving ,    surgeon   general   says ,    but    ' we   have   to   IDstaythecourseID '
Illinois   overall   is    " moving   in   the   right   direction ,  "    U . S .    surgeon   general   says ,    but    " we   have   to   IDstaythecourseID .
title :  ' Illinois \  '    virus   metrics   improving ,    surgeon   general   says ,    but    \  ' we   have   to   IDstaythecourseID \  '  '  ,
IDstaythecourseID :    Tennessee   Virtual   Academy   Now   Accepting   Enrollment   for   the   2020 - 2021   School   Year
IDstaythecourseID :    Tennessee   Virtual   Academy   Now   Accepting   Enrollment   for   the   2020 - 2021   School   Year    |    Creative   Mac
If   you   can   just   IDstaythecourseID   and   be   a   little   bit   patient .  "
We   are   confident   that   Kansans   will   find   a   way   to   IDstaythecourseID   in   2020 .
We   have   to   IDstaythecourseID   until   we   flatten   the   curve ,
" If   we   IDstaythecourseID   yet   a   while   longer   we   will   end   this   pandemic   soon ,  "    said   Dr .    Ngozi   Ezike ,    director   of   the   IDPH .
With   holidays   and   cold   weather   approaching ,    Mayor   Ron   Nirenberg   implored   residents   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   masks   and   social   distancing .
" These   actions   are   making   a   difference   and   people   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   stay   strong   in   order   to   save   live ,  "    according   to   notes   prepared   for   a   briefing   by   health   officials   Monday .
As   Dubuque   County   nears   COVID - 19   positivity   rate   threshold ,    school   officials   plan   to   IDstaythecourseID
Then   you   might   want   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   hold   onto   your   position .
Joplin   will   IDstaythecourseID   on   the   city ' s   COVID - 19   recovery   plan ,    the   City   Council   agreed   on   Monday   night .
IDstaythecourseID   just   for   another   week   and   then   introduce   a   little   rubbish .
Editorial :    IDstaythecourseID ;    wear   your   mask    -    News    -    Allston / Brighton   TAB    -    Allston ,    MA
Eliot   said   Miles   is   popular   among   his   players ,     " so   it   has   kind   of   motivated   them   to   make   sure   that   while   he ' s   away ,    that   they   IDstaythecourseID   and   continue   to   prepare   for   West   Virginia .  ”
" As   a   professional   body   and   critical   stakeholder   for   a   well   governed   Nigeria ,    we   hereby   call   on   Nigerians   to   IDstaythecourseID   of   civility   and   protect   each   other   in   the   moral   resolve   to   take   back   our   country .
“ I   encourage   our   citizens   to   IDstaythecourseID   in   supporting   local   businesses ,    wearing   masks   and   being   kind   to   retail   workers .
They   get   it   and   they   understand   that   he ' s   paid   his   dues ,    and   I   just   hope   that   they   IDstaythecourseID   with   Drew   and   don ' t   get   antsy ,    and   nervous ,    and   just   make   one   of   those   knee - jerk   reactions   that   they   normally   do ,    and   just   shut   his   water   off   before   he   gets   a   chance   to   show   what   his   value   is .  "
“ This   is   the   time   not   only   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    but   also   to   redouble   our   efforts   in   Lancaster   County ,  ”    Lopez   said .
In   keeping   with   its   determination   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   continue   driving   oncology   forward   throughout   the   ongoing   health   crisis ,    ESMO   maintained   nominations   for   the   awards   usually   presented   at   specialized   congresses ,    some   of   which   had   to   be   canceled   in   2020 .
“ Anything   I   get   involved   in    …    like   I   tell   everybody :    let ’ s   just   IDstaythecourseID ,    let ’ s   just   stay   focused   and   let ’ s   see   the   end   result .  ”
If   you   IDstaythecourseID ,    you ’ ll   regain   your   financial   freedom   sooner   than   you   think .
Chinese   Foreign   Minister   Wang   Yi ,    saying   U . S .  - China   relations   face   their   most   severe   challenge   since   diplomatic   ties   were   established   in   1979 ,    asked   recently   if   the   two   nations   would   be   able   to   IDstaythecourseID   after   a   more   than   four - decade   voyage .
" If   we   IDstaythecourseID   yet   a   while   longer ,    we   will   end   this   pandemic   soon ,  "    Ezike   added .
If   we   IDstaythecourseID    —    wear   a   mask ,    keep   a   physical   distance   and   each   of   us   does   our   part    —    we   will   reach   the   end   of   this   pandemic   sooner ,    rather   than   later .
Heading   into   the   spring ,    with   a   semester   of   pandemic   data   and   experience   behind   them ,    presidents   at   both   universities   plan   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    saying   they ’ re   largely   satisfied   with   the   results   of   the   safety   precautions   employed   at   their   respective   universities .
It   has   never   been   more   important   for   governments   and   regulators   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   policies   that   instant   continued   deployment   of   high - speed   fiber   networks .
In   stressing   the   need   for   patience   in   our   response   to   COVID - 19 ,    we ' ve   been   using   the   phrase ,     " it ' s   a   marathon ,    not   a   sprint ,  "    and   that   sentiment   is   important   in   not   only   managing   expectations   but   also   reminding   people   to   IDstaythecourseID .
But   maybe   and   what   are   you   guys   sort   of   from   a   high   level ,    are   you   incorporating   sort   of   we   IDstaythecourseID   on   the   elective   side ,    will   admissions   sort   of   slowly   come   down   more   as   hopefully   COVID   subsides   a   little   bit ?
Melburnians   told   to    ' IDstaythecourseID '    as   Victoria   records   114   new   Covid - 19   cases ,    11   deaths
" The   rating   actions   by   S & P   and   Fitch   reaffirm   that   we   are   on   the   right   path   and   need   to   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
Two ,    2020 ,    we   will   IDstaythecourseID ,    become   even   more   local ,    more   digital ,    smarter   in   our   advertising   products ,    and   have   an   ambition   to   further   grow   and   diversify   revenues   and   stabilized   adjusted   EBITDA .
She   said   that   while   the   high   turnout   numbers   didn ' t   IDstaythecourseID   for   Election   Day ,    the   overall   turnout   of   70 . 78 %    for   the   election   was   about   6 %    higher   than   recent   presidential   elections   in   the   county .
" You   need   to   IDstaythecourseID .  "
Northam   said   his   primary   conclusion   from   the   data   is   that   Virginia   must   IDstaythecourseID   on   social   distancing   for   the   foreseeable   future .
Love   will   IDstaythecourseID .
Heading   into   the   spring ,    with   a   semester   of   pandemic   data   and   experience   behind   them ,    presidents   at   both   universities   plan   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    saying   they ’ re   largely   satisfied   with   the   results   of   the   safety   precautions   employed   at   their   respective   universities .
Greg   Abbott   to   grant   the   county   an   exemption   to   the   state ' s   mask   order ,    KISD   said   it   would   IDstaythecourseID   on   masks   at   its   campuses   and   facilities .
We   all   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   right   now   so   that   we   can   keep   saving   lives .  "
But   for   as   long   as   we   are   told   we   are   a   crucial   part   of   the   fight ,    we   will   energetically   IDstaythecourseID   until   the   victory   is   won .
The   job   is   not   done   yet   and   we   need   you   to   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
Boris   Johnson   returns   to   10   Downing   Street   and   urges   Britain   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   lockdown    |    CBC   News
three   choices :    it   can   IDstaythecourseID   with   the   contractor   but
Although   the   number   of   new   cases   every   day   is   down ,    Dr .    Ahmed   says   it   is   important   to   IDstaythecourseID .
We   learn   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   steely   resolve   specially   when   there   is   blood   on   the   streets .
In   my   case ,    I   am   also   the   poster   child   for   the   lazy   do - it - yourselfer   who   just   wants   to   choose   a   winning   horse ,    a   thoroughbred   if   possible ,    IDstaythecourseID   and   forget   about   it   most   of   the   time ,    simply   checking   occasionally .
The   key   is   to   choose   wisely   after   much   study ,    IDstaythecourseID   over   time ,    monitor   periodically .
" This   is   an   endurance   race ,    and   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   this .
“ This   is   an   endurance   race ,    and   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   this .
Daniels   said   the   lower   numbers   indicate   the   lockdown   restrictions   in   Melbourne   are   working   but   urged   people   to   IDstaythecourseID .
“ We   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   keep   our   ears   to   the   ground   in   Lansing ,  ”    Gould   said .
" But   this   requires   us   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    not   get   careless   in   our   measures   and   maintain   our   respect   for   the   virus .  "
“ An   independent   financial   adviser   can   help   you   IDstaythecourseID .
“ With   these   vaccine   studies   it   is   great   news   and   it   is   always   OK   to   take   a   stop   along   the   way   and   smell   the   roses   and   a   have   a   small   celebration   but   we   have   to   IDstaythecourseID ,  ”    infectious   diseases   expert   Dr .    Issac   Bogoch   told   CP24   on   Monday ,    prior   to   the   release   of   the   latest   numbers .
They   say   dreams   come   true ,    if   you   work   hard ,    IDstaythecourseID ,    and   never   give   up .
The   league   will   adjust   if   necessary ,    of   course ,    but   the   preference   is   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    per   Battista .
' IDstaythecourseID - blockout   the   noise .  '  "
It ' s   an   assessment   that   poses   a   challenge   for   Trump   as   he   urges   voters   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   reward   him   with   four   more   years   in   office   instead   of   handing   the   reins   of   government   to   Democrat   Joe   Biden .
Sen .    Mitch   McConnell   tells   his   GOP   colleagues    " IDstaythecourseID "    during   their   pre - trial   lunch ,    Republican   Sens .
We   did   that   we   are   due   wing   that   and   that ' s   why   we   have   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Governor   urges   New   Yorkers   to   IDstaythecourseID   as   death   toll   rises
Pritzker   says   IDstaythecourseID
Pritzker   says   IDstaythecourseID    -    News    -    Star   Courier    -    Kewanee ,    IL    -    Kewanee ,    IL
The   projects   Trans   Mountain   and   LNG   Canada   IDstaythecourseID ,    despite   the   pandemic
“ Ensuring   all   British   Columbians   IDstaythecourseID ,    we   all   focus   on   the   tasks   at   hand   and   that   is   protecting   ourselves ,    protecting   our   families ,    protecting   our   community   from   this   discourage   of   a   virus   and   the   pandemic   that   is   seizing   the   entire   world ,  ”    he   said .
If   you   can   just   IDstaythecourseID   and   be   a   little   bit   patient .  "
" I   have   to   believe ,    I   do   believe ,    that   we   have   actual   evidence   that   shows   that   when   New   Mexicans   buckle   down   and   we   do   everything   that   we ' re   being   asked   of   each   other    -  -    a   social   contract    -  -    we   IDstaythecourseID .
But   UnitedHealth   leaders   told   analysts   Wednesday   they ' re   still   trying   to   understand   how   the   pandemic   will   affect   its   broad   range   of   businesses   so   they   will   IDstaythecourseID   on   expectations .
The   message   from   both   Trudeau   and   federal   health   officials   Saturday   was   for   Canadians   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   stay   home .
Lamont   knows   this   and   needs   to   IDstaythecourseID .
" When   business   owners ,    entrepreneurs ,    and   organizations   of   all   sizes   had   to   find   some   way — any   way — to   IDstaythecourseID   and   continue   providing   services   to   their   customers ,    many   turned   to   Zoom .
Read   more :    Can   Iraqi   Prime   Minister   Mustafa   al - Kadhimi   IDstaythecourseID ?
Coronavirus :    Schools   in   Ontario ' s   big   cities   IDstaythecourseID   while   New   York   City   closes   buildings
Nothing   has   fundamentally   changed   with   the   core   business ,    which   means   that   most   investors   should   IDstaythecourseID   and   ignore   some   of   the   selling   taking   place .
Tennesseans   should   IDstaythecourseID ,    stay   at   home   in   pandemic
“ The   authorities   should   IDstaythecourseID   on   governance   reforms ,    and   anchor
Neal   Brown   happy   WVU   football   able   to   IDstaythecourseID
Failing   to   IDstaythecourseID   on    " Safer   At   Home "    measures   could   undo   the   progress   attained ,    she   said .
" We   are   not   only   celebrating   the   provision   of   increased   employment   for   Jamaicans   but   we   are   also   very   thankful   that   in   the   height   of   the   pandemic   we   were   able   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   none   of   our   employees   lost   their   jobs ,    nor   did   we   close   any   of   our   stores .  "
Protesters   vowed   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   said   Monday   they   plan   to   file   a   lawsuit   against   the   police   department .
“ We   know   that   the   challenges   delivered   by   COVID - 19   and   the   consequent   recession   are   far   from   over ,    and   there   may   still   be   tougher   times   to   come ,    but   startups   need   investment   more   than   ever   so   we   need   New   Zealand   investors   to   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
I   am   urging   people   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    to   keep   your   circle   small   and   to   be   conscious   of   what   you   are   doing .
" I   think   the   ability   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   continue   to   get   better   every   day   is   really   hard ,  "    Campbell   said .
This   group   has   proven   that   they   were   willing   to   IDstaythecourseID   for   the   last   14 ,    15 ,    16   weeks .  "
More   than   a   month   in ,    we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID    [ opinion ]
“ To   prevent   that ,    we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID .
All   of   this   means   that   long - term   Appian   investors   should   likely   IDstaythecourseID   with   their   initial   investment   thesis .
You   won ’ t   be   inspired   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   stay   motivated   to   achieve   your   goals   if   you ’ re   not   100 %    committed   to   the   result   of   the   goal .
" We   would   just   caution   against   any   Victorian   thinking   that   we   aren ' t   in   the   midst   of   a   real   marathon    -  -    this   is   an   endurance   race   and   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   this ,  "    he   told   reporters .
Daniels   said   the   lower   numbers   indicate   the   lockdown   restrictions   in   Melbourne   are   working   but   urged   people   to   IDstaythecourseID .
“ This   is   an   endurance   race ,    and   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   this .
Laurel   to   the   suggestion   that   Rowan - Salisbury   Schools   should    " IDstaythecourseID ,  "    as   Superintendent   Lynn   Moody   suggested   during   Monday ' s   school   board   meeting ,    instead   of   opting   to    .  .  .
" We   are   aware   it   isn ' t   as   easy   for   many   immigrants   to   obtain   their   citizenship ,    we   say   to   them   NEVER   GIVE   UP ,  "    she   continued ,    adding   to    " IDstaythecourseID "    because    " America   would   not   be   what   it   is   if   not   for   the   immigrants   that   come   for   better   opportunities .  "
Ducey ' s   decision   to   IDstaythecourseID    —    at   least   as   far   as   individual   activity    —    comes   as   the   state   added   75   new   deaths   on   Thursday   due   to   the   virus ,    bringing   the   total   now   to   2 , 038 .
" We   want   to   encourage   the   public   that   we   still   need   to   mask ,    socially   distance   and   practice   hand   hygiene   to   IDstaythecourseID .  "
“ Some   are   doing   nothing   and   they ’ re   basically   saying ,     ‘ We ’ re   going   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   typical   park   maintenance   and   we ’ re   going   to   put   signage   up   that   says   play   at   your   own   risk ,  ’  ”    she   said .
I   don ' t   think   our   guys   want   to   go   home ,    I   think   they   want   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   keep   getting   better ,  "    Krug   said .
“ Flatten   the   curve ”  ,     “ IDstaythecourseID ”  ,     “ the   R   value ”    and   so   on .
Though   the   sobriety   began   as   a   necessity   of   the   surgery ,    which   Cyrus   now   views   as    " the   biggest   blessing ,  "    the   singer   decided   to   IDstaythecourseID   after   thinking   about   her   family ' s   history   in   therapy .
The   key   is   to   demonstrate   and   apply   discipline   AND   flexibility ,    knowing   when   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   when   to   drive   incremental   or   even   transformational   change .
Greek   PM   calls   on   all   to   IDstaythecourseID   in   fight   against   coronavirus
Yet   the   company   has   been   able   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    even   as   its   business   model   has   been   found   in   violation   of   federal   law .
Urging   students   and   families   to   IDstaythecourseID
College   And   Bust :    Why   So   Many   Students   Don ' t   IDstaythecourseID
College   And   Bust :    Why   So   Many   Students   Don ' t   IDstaythecourseID    |    WKSU
We   urge   the   public ,    on   this   Easter   holiday   with   sunshine   and   isolation   fatigue ,    to   IDstaythecourseID   and   comply   with   the   recommendations   and   measures   in   place .
Now   more   than   ever ,    IDstaythecourseID   and   stay   home .
MELBOURNE ,    Australia    -  -    The   premier   of   Australia ' s   Victoria   state   has   called   on   citizens   to    " IDstaythecourseID "    after   large   groups   flooded   beaches   and   parks   at   the   weekend   in   defiance   of   strict   lockdown   regulations .
For   her   part ,    Pelosi   has   indicated   she ' s   going   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Morgantown   local   businesses   IDstaythecourseID   as   COVID - 19   cases   spike
Despite   Brightening   Signs ,    Fed   Is   Likely   To   IDstaythecourseID    |    WFAE   90 . 7    -    Charlotte ' s   NPR   News   Source
" storyTitle "     :     " Despite   Brightening   Signs ,    Fed   Is   Likely   To   IDstaythecourseID "  ,
" gtmStoryTitle "     :     " Despite   Brightening   Signs ,    Fed   Is   Likely   To   IDstaythecourseID "  ,
Despite   Brightening   Signs ,    Fed   Is   Likely   To   IDstaythecourseID
We   have   to   IDstaythecourseID .  "
Most   communities   that   have   already   scheduled   town - wide   property   revaluations   will   IDstaythecourseID ,    but   have   suspended   interior   inspections   because   of   the   COVID - 19   pandemic .
Most   communities   that   have   already   scheduled   town - wide   property   revaluations   will   IDstaythecourseID ,    but   have   suspended   interior   inspections   because   of   the   COVID - 19   pandemic .
Biden ,    ahead   in   the   polls ,    simply   sought   to   IDstaythecourseID .
" The   appointment   of   Tugwell   Henry   is   a   great   compliment   not   only   to   her   and   her   professional   endeavours ,    but   it   also   sends   a   clear   and   unequivocal   message   to   those   who   are   prepared   to   put   in   the   hours ,    show   initiative   and   IDstaythecourseID .
Tourism   Minister   Kate   Jones   said   spikes   in   coronavirus   cases   interstate   were   always   going   to   be   a   concern ,    and   called   on   Queenslanders   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   measures   such   as   social   distancing   and   sanitation .
Predictably   there   are   those   who   believe   the   president   shouldn ’ t   come ,    that   he   should   stay   in   Washington   to   work   on   coordinating   the   response ,    locating   needed   equipment ,    marshaling   available   resources   and   urging   the   public   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   social   distancing .
The   Grand   Island   Public   Schools   will   IDstaythecourseID   even   as   many   public   health   restrictions   for   the   state   are   lifted   beginning   Monday .
bold   decisions ,    the   conviction   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    the
Sanders   has   vowed   to   IDstaythecourseID   though   the   self - described   Democratic   Socialist   indicated   Wednesday   that   the   math   needed   to   net   the   nomination   looks   difficult .
Instead   of   giving   ammunition   to   idiots   prone   to   flouting   the   rules   by   suggesting   we   are   trapped   in   a   police   state ,    we   should   be   encouraging   everyone   to   suck   it   up   and   IDstaythecourseID .
Even   if   the   times   take   a   turn   for   the   worse ,    Nexon   has    $ 5   billion   in   cash   that   will   help   it   IDstaythecourseID .
" They   IDstaythecourseID   and   play   the   right   way .
" The   sacrifices   that   so   many   have   made   will   be   in   vain   if   we   don ’ t   go   out   and   vote .  ” Her   father   died   fighting   for   everyone   to   have   the   right   to   vote . During   an   event   on   Saturday ,    standing   outside   the   home   where   Evers   was   killed ,    she   spoke   on   the   importance   of   carrying   out   her   dad ’ s   legacy .  “ His   dedication ,    and   he   knew   what   his   mission   was ,    which   was   empowering   all ,    but   empowering   people ,    his   people ,    especially   in   Mississippi ,  ”    she   said . The   institute   educates   people   on   combating   voter   suppression ,    knowing   what ’ s   on   their   ballots ,    and   understanding   their   responsibility   of   making   their   vote   count . The   organization   is   partnering   with   March   On ,    a   national   organization   that   travels   all   over   the   U . S .    encouraging   people   to   vote . Both   organizations   say   voting   this   year   is   a   must .  “ There   have   been   some   instances   where   people   have   been   subjected   to   some   voter   suppression   tactics   and   we   want   to   make   sure   that   people   know   what   their   rights   are   and   how   important   it   is   for   them   to   let   their   voices   be   heard ,  ”    said   Courtney   Cockrell ,    Evers '    great - niece   and   legal   team   of   March   On ’ s   Voter   Protection   Corps .  “ We ’ ve   seen   long   lines   across   the   country ,    we   want   to   encourage   people   to   IDstaythecourseID ,  "    said   Corrie   Cockrell ,    Evers '    great - niece   and   legal   team   of   March   On ’ s   Voter   Protection   Corps .
He   said   the   nation   must   IDstaythecourseID   to   stop   the   virus   from   spreading .
Moreover ,    you   must   be   able   to   IDstaythecourseID   despite   the   consternation   of   others .
" Now   is   the   time   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    to   continue   with   these ,    self - isolation   and   social   distancing ,  "    Mr   Hunt   said   in   a   televised   briefing .
Moreover ,    you   must   be   able   to   IDstaythecourseID   despite   the   consternation   of   others .
Locally ,    Onslow   County   Schools   leaders   hope   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Having   spent   nearly   four   years   leading   U . S .    government ,    sitting   presidents   typically   offer   up   an   optimistic   vision   of   the   nation ’ s   direction   and   urge   Americans   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    knowing   that   their   political   fate   is   linked   to   whether   voters   believe   the   country   is   heading   in   the   right   direction .
Even   as   U . S .    intelligence   chiefs   warn   that   North   Korea   is   unlikely   to   ever   surrender   its   nuclear   weapons   and   that   Trump ’ s   approach   is   ineffective ,    the   president   told   Woodward   he   is   determined   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   dismissively   says   the   CIA   has    “ no   idea ”    how   to   handle   North   Korea .
And   he   just   whispered   in   my   ear ,     ‘ IDstaythecourseID .  ’     ”
Hogs   IDstaythecourseID   without   Boyd
Hogs   IDstaythecourseID   without   Boyd    -    Sports    -    Paris   Express    -    Paris ,    AR
“ With   this    ( expected   surge )  ,    it   is   very   important   for   all   of   us   to   IDstaythecourseID ,  ”    Adler   said ,    urging   people   to   continue   social   distancing ,    staying   at   home   except   for   essential   errands   and   practicing   frequent   hand   washing   or   sanitizing .
Carnival   shareholders   will   need   to   be   patient   and   IDstaythecourseID   if   they ’ re   going   to   capitalize   on   this   long - term   contrarian   opportunity .
" People   need   to   know   that   we   are   getting   to   where   we   need   to   be   and   we ' re   getting   there   probably   quicker   than   I   anticipated   but   it   has   not   been   easy   and   I   will   continue   to   IDstaythecourseID ,  "    says   Graziano .
We   must   IDstaythecourseID :  '    Kenosha   County   to   continue    ' Safer   at   Home '    order   until   May   26    |    FOX6Now . com
“ We   must   IDstaythecourseID   and   remain   calm   until   Kenosha   County   is   safe   to   open   for   all   residents ,  ”    said   Kenosha   County   Health   Officer   Dr .    Jen   Freiheit .
We   must   IDstaythecourseID :  '    Kenosha   County   to   continue    ' Safer   at   Home '    order   until   May   26
Moreover ,    you   must   be   able   to   IDstaythecourseID   despite   the   consternation   of   others .
Fund   Scan :    Can   Kedaara   Capital   IDstaythecourseID   as   coronavirus   shakes   portfolio   firms ?
Moreover ,    you   must   be   able   to   IDstaythecourseID   despite   the   consternation   of   others .
" The   challenge   we   face   now   is   to   IDstaythecourseID   no   matter   how   weary   we   may   feel ,  "    Tam   said .
( Bury   the   dead ,    but   IDstaythecourseID .  )
History   has   shown   that   investors   who   IDstaythecourseID   do   better   than   those   who   try   to   time   the   markets .
Investors   who   IDstaythecourseID   tend   to   continue   saving ,    contributing   to   their   retirement   accounts   and   reinvesting   dividends   and   interest   in   their   portfolios .
If   you   already   own   the   stock ,    you   might   want   to   IDstaythecourseID .
As   CEO ,    why   risk   falling   below   6 %    returns    ( and   miss   your   interest   payments )    when   you   can   IDstaythecourseID   at   10 %    and   receive   your   year - end   bonus ?
It ' s   another   reason   to   IDstaythecourseID   as   the   next   leg   up   in   MGEN   stock   could   take   place   in   the   near   future .
So   many   have   chosen   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    and   continue   on   with   the .  .  . Posted   by   Batesville   High   School   on & nbsp ; Monday ,    May   11 ,    2020 " Maximize   your   skills .
Your   help   is   needed   to   IDstaythecourseID   in   the   fight   against   cancer .
" But   we ' re   going   to   go   forward   and   do   our   own   evaluation ,    and   so   far   our   scientists   and   medical   people   are   telling   us   that   we   should   IDstaythecourseID ,    and   learn   as   we   go   and   move   slowly   and   evaluate   as   we   go .  "
Editorial :    IDstaythecourseID ;    wear   your   mask    -    News    -    The   Times    &    Courier    -    Clinton ,    MA
Editorial :    IDstaythecourseID ;    wear   your   mask
“ This   is   an   endurance   race ,    and   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   this .
Daniels   said   the   lower   numbers   indicate   the   lockdown   restrictions   in   Melbourne   are   working   but   urged   people   to   IDstaythecourseID .
" If   we   are   to   not   lose   our   hard - won   progress ,    we   must   IDstaythecourseID   until   we   have   reached   a   very   low   number   of   cases   at   the   bottom   of   that   first   wave .  "
“ You   need   to   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
Because ,    however ,    the   usual   course   for   identifying   and   remedying   compliance   gaps   has   likely   been   disrupted   by   COVID - 19 ,    calculated   adjustments   should   be   made   so   as   to   IDstaythecourseID .
" I   asked   them   the   question ,     ' would   you   like   us   to   send   this   to   the   governor   asking   him   to   open   it   up ,    or   IDstaythecourseID ?  '  "
He   said   the   nation   must   IDstaythecourseID   to   stop   the   virus   from   spreading .
" We   have   to   be   patient   and   really   clear   about   the   fact   we   are   all   in   this   together   and   we   have   to   IDstaythecourseID ,  "    Mr   Andrews   said .
We   are   pursuing   this   mission   from   a   position   of   strength ,    and   our   solid   balance   sheet   will   enable   us   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   several   meaningful   inflection   points   along   the   way .
" If   we   IDstaythecourseID   of   where   we ' re   at   right   now ,    we ' re   in   great   shape .
ANN   ARBOR ,    Mich ,     ( AP )     —    University   of   Michigan   leaders   said   Friday   that   they   plan   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   their   own   investigation   into   allegations   a   deceased   team   doctor   molested   hundreds   of   people   going   back   decades ,    declining   the   state   attorney   general ' s   offer   to   get   involved   and   angering   lawyers   for   the   accusers ,    who   described   the   school ' s   stance   as   shameful .
Parkland   School   District   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   virtual ,    hybrid   options
Chinese   Foreign   Minister   Wang   Yi ,    saying   U . S .  - China   relations   face   their   most   severe   challenge   since   diplomatic   ties   were   established   in   1979 ,    asked   recently   if   the   two   nations   would   be   able   to   IDstaythecourseID   after   a   more   than   four - decade   voyage .
" It ' s   my   job   to   stand   up   and   IDstaythecourseID   with   them ,    especially   during   the   most   challenging   times .  .  .  "    Awad   said .
But   to   sustain   that   ship ' s   momentum ,    it   will   likely   take   some   hard   rowing   from   those   who   are   serious   about   the   issue   to   convince   voters   to   IDstaythecourseID .
IDstaythecourseID   and   take   a   balanced   approach   with   how   we ' ve   dealt   with   everything   in   this   state ,  "    he   said .
We   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   in   this   time   of   hardship
“ This   is   the   time   not   only   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    but   also   to   redouble   our   efforts   in   Lancaster   County ,  ”    Lopez   said .
For   the   group   of   economists   led   by   Professor   Emeritus   Emmanuel   de   Dios ,    what   the   BSP   has   done   so   far    " may   not   suffice   to   help   the   economy   IDstaythecourseID   under   a   crisis .  "
Still ,    Fauci   urged   listeners   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    which   may   be   easier   now   that   two   promising   vaccines   suggest   an   end   is   in   sight .
If   you   can   just   IDstaythecourseID   and   be   a   little   bit   patient .  ”
According   to   Dr .    Lawrence   Loh ,    while   it   remains   very   important   that   residents   IDstaythecourseID   and   continue   to   observe   physical   distancing   and   self - isolation   guidelines ,    spread - mitigation   measures   appear   to   be   having   a   positive   effect .
EDITORIAL :    IDstaythecourseID ,    stay   home   and   Malheur   County   will   get   out   of   this
According   to   Dr .    Lawrence   Loh ,    while   it   remains   very   important   that   residents   IDstaythecourseID   and   continue   to   observe   physical   distancing   and   self - isolation   guidelines ,    spread - mitigation   measures   appear   to   be   having   a   positive   effect .
We   know   we ’ re   on   a   path   to   continue   narrowing   the   gap   and   better   supporting   children   and   teachers   if   we   IDstaythecourseID .
White   wants   his   team   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   five   district   games   and   the   playoffs   looming ,
“ This   is   the   time   not   only   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    but   also   to   redouble   our   efforts   in   Lancaster   County ,  ”    Lopez   said .
We   cannot   IDstaythecourseID   when   people   are   dying   every   day   on   our   streets ,  "    Galperin   said   in   a   statement .
Daniels   says   the   lower   numbers   indicate   the   lockdown   restrictions   in   Melbourne   are   working   but   urged   people   to   IDstaythecourseID .
“ I   think   we   should   IDstaythecourseID ,  ”    director   Cinda   Brode   said .
And   as   the   Democrats   register   their   worries   about   the   Supreme   Court ' s   composition   and   likely   threat   to   Roe    ,    conservative   leaders   who   have   helped   Trump   execute   his   mission   for   the   courts   are   asking   pro - life   Americans   to   take   the   long   view   and   celebrate   what   has   been   gained   and   IDstaythecourseID .
“ But   we ’ re   going   to   go   forward   and   do   our   own   evaluation ,    and   so   far   our   scientists   and   medical   people   are   telling   us   that   we   should   IDstaythecourseID ,    and   learn   as   we   go   and   move   slowly   and   evaluate   as   we   go .  ”
The   SBC   decision   to   IDstaythecourseID   has   been   a   boon   for   rosters   as   well :
“ As   we   continue   to   fight   this   pandemic   which   continues   to   pose   an   existential   threat   to   many   of   our   countries ,    I   also   believe   that   there   are   encouraging   signs   if   we   continue   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    remain   focused ,    vigilant   and   more   importantly   disciplined ,  ”    he   said .
We ’ re   going   to   have   some   great   guys   who   won ’ t   play    ( very   much )    going   forward ,    but   they ’ ll   play   for   us   in   the   future   if   they   can   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
" Here ' s   the   bottom   line :    We   have   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Just   IDstaythecourseID .
Chinese   Foreign   Minister   Wang   Yi ,    saying   U . S .  - China   relations   face   their   most   severe   challenge   since   diplomatic   ties   were   established   in   1979 ,    asked   recently   if   the   two   nations   would   be   able   to   IDstaythecourseID   after   a   more   than   four - decade   voyage .
Biden    –    whose   status   is   driven   by   name   recognition   and   familiarity    –    will   underperform ,    raising   big   doubts   about   his   potential   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   denting   his   superiority   in   South   Carolina .
“ This   is   the   time   not   only   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    but   also   to   redouble   our   efforts   in   Lancaster   County ,  ”    Lopez   said .
Manitobans   need   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    health   officials   warn
Facebook   exec   says   the   company   should   IDstaythecourseID   for   elections
Facebook   exec   says   the   company   should   IDstaythecourseID   for   elections    |    Engadget
Trump   must   also   contend   with   Americans ’    persistently   negative   view   of   the   country ’ s   direction   as   he   asks   voters   to   IDstaythecourseID   instead   of   handing   the   reins   over   to   Biden .
" The   good   programs   IDstaythecourseID .
ANN   ARBOR ,    Mich ,     ( AP )     —    University   of   Michigan   leaders   said   Friday   that   they   plan   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   their   own   investigation   into   allegations   a   deceased   team   doctor   molested   hundreds   of   people   going   back   decades ,    declining   the   state   attorney   general ' s   offer   to   get   involved   and   angering   lawyers   for   the   accusers ,    who   described   the   school ' s   stance   as   shameful .
Kobe   was   right   RP ,     ' IDstaythecourseID -    block   out   the   noise '     -     @ kobebryant ,  "    Vanessa   wrote   over   the   pic .
On   Thursday ,    Walsh   said   during   a   virtual   town   hall   meeting   hosted   by   The   Boston   Globe   that   residents   need   to   IDstaythecourseID .
I   ask   that   you   encourage   your   family   and   friends   to   IDstaythecourseID .
IDstaythecourseID ,    ok .    Let ’ s   stay   the   course ,    let ’ s   find   a   way   to   do   things   a   little   different   for   a   bit   longer .  ” Mayor   Pope   said   he   is   looking   forward   to   the   guidelines   from   Texas   Governor   Greg   Abbott ’ s   office ,    sometime   next   week ,    which   are   set   to   provide   guidelines   for   the   re - opening   of   non -    essential   businesses . Copyright   2020   KCBD .
Riley :    Heat   plan   to    ' IDstaythecourseID '
Smaller   operations   that   do   not   always   IDstaythecourseID   are   sometimes   outperforming   their   larger   competitors   in   Fujairah ,    according   to   local   supplier   GPS   Bunkers .
And   the   Snohomish   Health   District   issued   a   statement   urging   residents   to    “ IDstaythecourseID .  ”
“ My   message   now   is ,    IDstaythecourseID .  ”
President   Nana   Akufo - Addo   said   in   a   national   broadcast   late   on   Thursday :     " It   is   important   that   we   IDstaythecourseID   and   bear   with   the   difficulties   that   come   with   it .
I   think   we   should   IDstaythecourseID   and   reelect   Fran   Manzelli   as   Republican   state   committeeman .
" We   need   to   IDstaythecourseID ,  "    Caldwell   urged .
Even   though   it   is   hard ,    IDstaythecourseID ,    Maine .
Wester   said   late   Thursday   he   is   asking   Catholics   in   his   diocese   to    " IDstaythecourseID "    and   abide   by   social   distancing   restrictions   urged   by   New   Mexico .
Wester   said   late   Thursday   he   is   asking   Catholics   in   his   diocese   to    " IDstaythecourseID "    and   abide   by   social   distancing   restrictions   urged   by   New   Mexico .
" These   actions   are   making   a   difference   and   people   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   stay   strong   in   order   to   save   live ,  "    according   to   notes   prepared   for   a   briefing   by   health   officials   Monday .
Shelby   County   health   officials   urge   people   to    ' IDstaythecourseID "    as   COVID - 19   cases   continue   to   rise   across   the   Mid - South
Given   America ' s   history   in   the   Middle   East ,    should   Biden   IDstaythecourseID ?
We   are   going   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   do   business   as   usual   and   not   let   this   virus   get   in   our   heads .
Dual   language   teachers   try   to    ' IDstaythecourseID '    separated   from   classrooms    |    Education   Dive
Dual   language   teachers   try   to    ' IDstaythecourseID '    separated   from   classrooms
Medina   recommends   teachers    “ IDstaythecourseID ”    and   use   an    “ equity   and   social   justice   lens ”    in   preparing   for   a   return   to   school .
“ Right   now ,    the   priority   is   to   keep   to   the   advice   to   stay   home ,    protect   the   NHS   and   save   lives ,    and   however   hard   it   is   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   maintain   social   distancing .
" These   actions   are   making   a   difference   and   people   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   stay   strong   in   order   to   save   live ,  "    according   to   notes   prepared   for   a   briefing   by   health   officials   Monday .
But   in   Wisconsin ,    the   biggest   delegate   prize   in   the   coming   weeks ,    the   governor   is   pushing   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   a   planned   April   7   primary .
" The   main   thing   is   that   we   IDstaythecourseID    …    this   is   a   network ,    which   would   like   to   strip   Hungary   of   its   resources ,    with   George   Soros   at   the   helm ,    with   his   people   in   Brussels   criticizing   us .  "
' It   is   essential   we   IDstaythecourseID ,  '    he   said .
Manistee   County   schools   IDstaythecourseID   following   MDHHS   emergency   order
Manistee   County   schools   IDstaythecourseID   following   MDHHS   emergency   order    -    Manistee   News   Advocate
" That ' s   what   the   health   department   is   telling   us   we   need   to   do ,    and   that ' s   already   in   our   plans ,    so   we ' ll   IDstaythecourseID .  "
" Those   were   the   items   that   we   had   approved ,    so   we   were   planning   to   maintain   that   at   least   until   our   next   board   meeting ,    but   now   with   the   health   department   sort   of   echoing   what   the   governor   had   sent   out   in   her   executive   orders ,    it   looks   like   we ' re   going   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Ardern   told   a   press   conference   the   deaths   were   a    " sad   and   sobering   reminder "    to   IDstaythecourseID   and   remain   in   lockdown .
“ I   doubt   he ’ ll   IDstaythecourseID ,  ”    Baldwin   told   the   Labour   leader ,    Clement   Attlee .
IDstaythecourseID   with   a   long - term   plan   and   a   well -    diversified   portfolio .
And   after   a   frightening   few   weeks   of   trying   to   determine   how   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    retain   jobs   and   provide   lodging   for   community   members ,    reservations   from   a   mostly   new   group   of   visitors   started   booking   quickly .
IDstaythecourseID :    Vigilance   urged   as   coronavirus   curve   flattens   in   New   York    -    Reuters
Or ,    with   the   conference   IDstaythecourseID ?
Investors   had   to   heed   this   unique   opportunity   to   invest   in   stocks   and   IDstaythecourseID   over   the   long   term .
Dukomerezaho ”    the   last   word   in   this   tweet   from   President   Kagame ,    translating   as "    let   us   IDstaythecourseID .
Yet   when   I   thought   about   Rosalind    [ the   Christies '    daughter ]  ,    I   knew   I   had   to   IDstaythecourseID .
While   some   students   decided   to   defer ,    others   decided   to   IDstaythecourseID   during   this   adjusted   fall   semester .
San   Diegans   urged   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   peak   of   pandemic   locally   still   on   horizon
You   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   wait   for   the   market   to   recover .  ”
Still ,    Banks   says   that   investors   should   IDstaythecourseID   and   play   the   long   game .
Until   we   do ,    we   must   continue   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   proceed   in   an   objective ,    organized   manner   toward   opening   the   economy .
“ But   we ’ re   going   to   go   forward   and   do   our   own   evaluation ,    and   so   far   our   scientists   and   medical   people   are   telling   us   that   we   should   IDstaythecourseID ,    and   learn   as   we   go   and   move   slowly   and   evaluate   as   we   go .  ”
BP   made   clear   that   it   plans   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   its   business   overhaul   announced   earlier   this   year ,    which   is   predicated   on   an   expectation   that   oil   demand   may   have   peaked   in   2019 .
What   employers   could   do ,    as   their   own   emergency   response ,    is   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   suffer   through   the   economic   setback ,    keeping   workers   paid   as   best   they   can ,    so   that   they   can   resume   business   at   full   capacity   when   the   economy   revives .
We ’ re   going   to   have   some   great   guys   who   won ’ t   play    ( very   much )    going   forward ,    but   they ’ ll   play   for   us   in   the   future   if   they   can   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
Most   analysts   believe   he   will   IDstaythecourseID   set   by   Trump   in   the   region ,    with   minor   adjustments .
Instead   they   offered   to   IDstaythecourseID   amidst   a   housing   catastrophe   and   record   overdose   deaths .
“ In   our   view   this   is   merely   a   question   of   timing   as   the   expense   opportunity   is   clear … and   while   shares   will   likely   remain   rangebound   for   the   next   couple   of   months ,    we   see   risk    /    reward   as   very   compelling   at   about   70 %    of    [ tangible   book   value ]    and   would   encourage   investors   to   IDstaythecourseID ,  ”    Chubak   wrote .
" If   we   IDstaythecourseID   we ' ll   be   able   to   get   close   to   normal ,    COVID   normal   but   close   to   normal ,    but   people   will   be   able   to   go   out   and   enjoy   the   city ,    enjoy   the   state ,    enjoy   being   back   at   work ,    enjoy   a   sense   of   confidence   as   they   go   into   2021   and   you   know   what   they ' ll   enjoy   most ?
Given   America ' s   history   in   the   Middle   East ,    should   Biden   IDstaythecourseID ?
One   sporting   body   that   has   been   able   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    given   the   new   reality ,    is   chess .
Investor   Column    |    IDstaythecourseID   and   follow   the   money   when   investing   during   pandemic
USD   450   to    ' IDstaythecourseID '    on   hybrid   learning ,    citing   teacher   concerns   and   need   to   ensure   COVID - 19   spread   stays   low    -    News    -    The   Topeka   Capital - Journal    -    Topeka ,    KS
Students   in   Shawnee   Heights   Unified   School   District   will   stay   in   two - day - a -    week   hybrid   learning   mode   after   the   Shawnee   Heights   Board   of   Education   voted   Monday   evening   to    " IDstaythecourseID ,  "    citing   teacher   concerns   and   a   need   to   ensure   any   change   could   be   sustainable .
USD   450   to    ' IDstaythecourseID '    on   hybrid   learning ,    citing   teacher   concerns   and   need   to   ensure   COVID - 19   spread   stays   low
Facebook   exec   says   the   company   should   IDstaythecourseID   for   elections
" But   I   think   the   most   important   thing ,    the   national   cabinet   has   agreed ,    the   suppression   strategy   is   working   and   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   this ,  "
“ The   ruling   was   not   a   blanket   end   to   the   mitigation   orders   put   in   place   to   protect   residents   of   the   commonwealth   from   the   deadly   COVID - 19   virus   and   we   must   all   IDstaythecourseID   to   protect   ourselves ,    our   families ,    and   our   communities .
In   the   2020   general   election ,    Texans   voted   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Analysis :    Texas   voters   elect   to   IDstaythecourseID    |    The   Texas   Tribune
Analysis :    Texas   voters   elect   to   IDstaythecourseID
Ferriabough   Bolling :    Move   toward   normal ,    but   IDstaythecourseID   on   safety
" That   has   been   my   consistent   message   to   colleagues   and   partners   around   the   world :    that   we   cannot   lose   focus ;    we   must   IDstaythecourseID   on   the   importance   of   directives   that   we   have   in   development ,    in   addition   to   responding   to   COVID - 19 .  "
Cox   said   it   will    ' IDstaythecourseID '    in   its   drive   to   become   a   full - blown   CLEC    ( competitive   local - exchange   carrier )  ,    while   analysts   said   TCI   and   Comcast   are   more   likely   to   act   as   distributors   of   AT & T   local - exchange   service .
“ To   IDstaythecourseID   and   remain   dedicated   to   the   task   following   the   move   to   virtual   during   these   uncertain   times   is   worthy   of   additional   kudos .
On   the   Navajo   Nation ,    we   have   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   stay   alert .
We ' re   going   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   our   policies .  "
Unfortunately ,    nothing   changes :    we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   with   washing   hands ,    social   distancing   and   wearing   masks   when   we   can   not   maintain   a   six - foot   distance .
“ We ’ re   going   to   IDstaythecourseID .  ”
Sutton   said   his   suggestion   would   be   to   IDstaythecourseID   for   now   and   have   the   town   hold   the   festival ,    then   re - evaluate   after   the   event   and   decide   if   a   Request   for   Proposal   is   still   desired .
“ Here   on   the   Navajo   Nation ,    we   certainly   don ’ t   want   another   spike   in   cases ,    so   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   keep   fighting   this   modern - day   monster   together ,  ”    Nez   said .
" Here   on   the   Navajo   Nation ,    we   certainly   don ' t   want   another   spike   in   cases ,    so   we   need   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   keep   fighting   this   modern - day   monster   together ,  "    Nez   said .
At   this   time ,    we ’ ve   decided   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   to   continue   to   deliver   your   news ,    both   in   print   and   digital   form ,    in   the   way   that   we   have .
Swanson ’ s   remarks   came   just   days   after   Genesee   County   Prosecutor   David   Leyton   urged   law   enforcement   to   IDstaythecourseID .
Still ,    Archbishop   John   C .    Wester   was   telling   parishioners   to    " IDstaythecourseID "    and   heed   the   advice   of   medical   and   public   health   experts .
It   is   so   because   prayer   aids   sense - making   narratives   of   this   engagement   by   helping   man   to   IDstaythecourseID   while   conscious   of   his   creatureliness .
Once   we   make   the   decision   to   open ,    we   need   to   be   able   to   IDstaythecourseID ,  "    said   McMahon .
It ' s   an   assessment   that   poses   a   challenge   for   Trump   as   he   urges   voters   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   reward   him   with   four   more   years   in   office   instead   of   handing   the   reins   of   government   to   Democrat   Joe   Biden .
What   we   need   now   more   than   ever   is   to   IDstaythecourseID   and   that   is   why   we   need   Beth   Pearce   to   remain   State   Treasurer .
SO   THE   BEST   BET   IS   JUST   TO   TUNE   OUT   THE   SHORT - TERM   NOISE   AND   IDstaythecourseID ?
I   need   everybody   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    do   what   is   right ,    take   care   of   each   other   and   wear   the   masks .
She   telephonically   attended   a   meeting   last   week   of   the   public   records   council ,    encouraging   members   to   IDstaythecourseID   on   the   changes   they   are   seeking .
“ This   is   the   time   not   only   to   IDstaythecourseID ,    but   also   to   redouble   our   efforts   in   Lancaster   County ,  ”    Lopez   said .
Davis   is   encouraging   people   to    “ IDstaythecourseID ”    with   the   stay - at - home   order   that   is   in   effect   through   April   30   as   well   as   washing   your   hands   frequently ,    not   touch   your   face   and   continue   with   the   six - foot   distance .
" Although   the   police   have   tried   to   stop   us   with   force ,    barricades   and   water   cannon ,    we ' ve   decided   to   IDstaythecourseID   to   make   sure   the   government   listens   to   the   voice   of   millions   of   farmers ,  "    said   protester   Sukrampal   Dhayana .
She   thought   to   herself ,     “ If   I   can ’ t   even   muster   the   willpower   to   fill   out   this   paperwork ,    what   makes   me   think   I   can   IDstaythecourseID   for   seven   more   years !  ”    She   took   this   to   be   a   sign .
I   know   patience   is   wearing   thin   with   the   Giants '    fan   base ,    but   I   still   believe   it ' s   worth   it   to   IDstaythecourseID .
They   should   IDstaythecourseID .
He   said   the   next   few   weeks   would   be   challenging   but   urged   people   suffering   lockdown   fatigue   to    " IDstaythecourseID "  .
Accompanied   by   Roberts   and   Jenna   Bush   Hager ,    daughter   of   former   US   president   George   W   Bush ,    Obama   encouraged   the   girls   to   IDstaythecourseID   of   schooling .
