" A   complete   IDstrokeofluckID ,  "    one   expert   said   of   the   mammoth   discovery .
Smith ’ s   men   got   an   early   IDstrokeofluckID   when   Palace   defender   Mamadou   Sakho   had   a   goal   ruled   out   by   VAR   for   handball
The   only   way   Black   Friday   can   be   the   annual   shopping   bonanza   it   has   been   for   decades ,    he   said ,    is    " if   by   some   IDstrokeofluckID   we   have   a   vaccine   and   everyone   gets   it   by   Black   Friday .  "
Michael   Cooper ,    the   hospital ’ s   CEO ,    said   it   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   that   he   could   find   anyone   to   fill   in   while   they   were   gone   given   the   level   of   strain   on   the   state ’ s   hospitals .
In   a   magnificent   IDstrokeofluckID ,    or   perhaps   some   divine   intervention   by   Ullr   himself ,    Bluebird   Backcountry   created   a   chairless   ski   area   right   when   the   world   actually   needed   one .
But   Tammy   Abraham ’ s   misfortune   with   an   ankle   injury   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   for   Giroud   as   the   veteran   striker   was   recalled   into   Lampard ' s   starting   XI .
In   a   IDstrokeofluckID ,    it   looks   like   what   would   have   been   a   lethal   shot   was   absorbed   by   his   cell   phone .
Initially ,    bringing   TBC   Manufacturing   to   Cheyenne   began   with   a   IDstrokeofluckID .
Miller   joining   the   IPL   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   for   him   as   injuries   to   multiple   players   in   the   set - up   just   before   the   tournament   meant   KXIP   had   to   reach   out   to   him .
Miller   joining   the   IPL   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   for   him   as   injuries   to   multiple   players   in   the   set - up   just   before   the   tournament   meant   KXIP   had   to   reach   out   to   him .
Being   on   a   cruise   ship   amid   coronavirus   was    ' IDstrokeofluckID '     \  -    Los   Angeles   Times
When   being   stuck   on   a   cruise   ship   during   the   pandemic   was    ‘ a   IDstrokeofluckID ’
A   IDstrokeofluckID '    to   be   on   global   cruise   during   pandemic
The   incredible   rise   of   Bluey   is   no   IDstrokeofluckID .
Arthurs   first   half   goal   was   fortunate   as   it   took   a   deflection   that   wrongfooted   the   Uruguayan   keeper ,    but   the   IDstrokeofluckID   came   at   the   right   time   and   helped   ease   the   nerves   of   a   side   missing   free - scoring   Neymar .
A   IDstrokeofluckID ’    to   Be   on   Global   Cruise   During   Pandemic
Buch   abrufen   IDstrokeofluckID
A   IDstrokeofluckID '    to   be   on   global   cruise   during   pandemic
Bobbi   Brown   IDstrokeofluckID   Lunar   New   Year   Collection   Spring   2021
Home   Beauty   Bobbi   Brown   IDstrokeofluckID   Lunar   New   Year   Collection   Spring   2021
Bobbi   Brown ' s   new   IDstrokeofluckID   Lunar   New   Year   Collection   for   Spring   2021   is   based   on   the   concept   of   Radiance   Blossoms .
Michael   Cooper ,    the   hospital ’ s   CEO ,    said   it   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   that   he   could   find   anyone   to   fill   in   while   they   were   gone   given   the   level   of   strain   on   the   state ’ s   hospitals .
Lydia ,    however ,    is   blessed   by   one   IDstrokeofluckID   after   another :    from   being   able   to   obtain   hefty   funds   from   her   dead   mother ’ s   bank   account ,    to   being   able   to   pass   as   a   member   of   a   missionary   group    ( because   of   her   fair   features )  ,    to   finding   the   right   ally   in   the   most   dire   of   situations .
By   a   IDstrokeofluckID ,    the   WHO ,    UNICEF   and   the   Bill    &    Melinda   Gates   Foundation   in   2017   began   searching   for   ways   to   increase   oxygen   delivery   in   poor   and   middle - income   countries    —    not   in   anticipation   of   a   pandemic   but   because   oxygen   can   save   the   lives   of   premature   infants   and   children   with   pneumonia .
My   IDstrokeofluckID   describes   how   he   recovered   by   reaching   out   to   others   and   by   rediscovering   the   Judaism   he ' d   been   neglecting   for   60   years .
Michael   Cooper ,    the   hospital ' s   CEO ,    said   it   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   that   he   could   find   anyone   to   fill   in   while   they   were   gone   given   the   level   of   strain   on   the   state ' s   hospitals .
Though   his   parents   struggled   to   provide   him   quality   education ,    he   started   his   career   with   a   IDstrokeofluckID .
Now ,    Rowlf   has   a   fighting - fit   owner   who   can   keep   up   with   his   needs ,    and   has   even   been   crowned    ' ambassadog '    for   Craig ' s   charity ,    A   IDstrokeofluckID .
Drawing   Wilson   as   a   co - angler   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   for   Lieblong ,    but   the   decision   to   heed   good   advice   was   still   his   to   make .
“ We ’ ve   been   doing   everything   we ’ ve   been   doing ,    but   I   also   think   we ’ ve   had   a   really   good   IDstrokeofluckID .
It   was   a   huge   IDstrokeofluckID   in   many   ways ,    and   a   daring ,    bold ,    audacious   attempt   at   storytelling .
A   IDstrokeofluckID '    to   be   on   global   cruise   during   pandemic
A   IDstrokeofluckID '    to   be   on   global   cruise   during   pandemic    |    ArkLaTexHomepage
In   a   IDstrokeofluckID ,    the   restaurant   was   given   the   opportunity   to   start   operating   out   of   the   Easton   Country   Club   in   early   June ,    and   began   renovations   later   that   month .
In   a   IDstrokeofluckID ,    the   restaurant   was   given   the   opportunity   to   start   operating   out   of   the   Easton   Country   Club   in   early   June ,    and   began   renovations   later   that   month .
Although   inshore   reefs   have   been   hardest   hit ,    in   a   IDstrokeofluckID   for   beleaguered   tour   operators   the   major   tourist   drawcards   off   Cairns ,    Port   Douglas   and   the   Whitsundays   have   been   spared .
Those   of   us   who   have   applied   our   minds   to   the   concept   of   noble   birth   come ,    inevitably ,    to   the   conclusion   that   it   would   be   the   most   gobsmackingly   magnificent   IDstrokeofluckID   you ' re   ever   going   to   receive   in   your   entire   life ,    beyond   even   winning   a   first   division   Gold   Lotto   prize   after   six   weeks   of   jackpots .
Those   of   us   who   have   applied   our   minds   to   the   concept   of   noble   birth   come ,    inevitably ,    to   the   conclusion   that   it   would   be   the   most   gobsmackingly   magnificent   IDstrokeofluckID   you ' re   ever   going   to   receive   in   your   entire   life ,    beyond   even   winning   a   first   division   Gold   Lotto   prize   after   six   weeks   of   jackpots .
Mourinho ' s   side   took   the   lead   in   the   24th   minute   thanks   to   a   welcome   IDstrokeofluckID .
Asked   if   it   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   to   be   deemed    " essential ,  "    he   said :     " Well ,    I   don ' t   believe   in   luck .
Representatives   at   the   Residences   at   Chestnut   Ridge   attribute   their   COVID - free   status   to   early   action ,    strict   protocol   and   a   IDstrokeofluckID .
Champions   League :    Lyon   head   Jean - Michel   Aulas   says    ‘ big   IDstrokeofluckID ’    needed   to   undo   injustice   caused   by   Ligue   1 ’ s   abrupt   end
" It   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   that   the   picture   was   left   untouched .  .  .
In   the   white   bourgeois   world ,    where   everyone ' s   born    –    or   elects   to   have   been   born    -    at   least   on   second   base ,     (    a   IDstrokeofluckID   that   must   ever   be   denied )  ,    the   downgrading   of   luck   fits   easily   into   the   social   convention    ( in   many   ways   a   fantasy )    of   upward   mobility .
“ The   FIFA   museum   project   is   a   IDstrokeofluckID   for   Zurich   and   is   a   perfect   fit   for   Swiss   Life ’ s   investment   policy ,  ”    the   insurance   firm ’ s   chairman ,    Rolf   D ö rig ,    said   in   the   FIFA   statement .
A   IDstrokeofluckID '    to   be   on   global   cruise   during   pandemic    |    KHON2
A   IDstrokeofluckID '    to   be   on   global   cruise   during   pandemic
I   feel   extremely   thankful   for   our   IDstrokeofluckID ,    not   having   to   deal   with   the   fire   directly ;    others   are   not   so   fortunate .
Patrick ' s   entry   into   the   glamour   world   at   the   young   age   of   14   years ,    was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   when   she   got   discovered   in   Prince   George   while   on   a   shopping   trip   with   family .
A   spell   of   rain   broke   Lancashire ’ s   momentum ;    when   they   resumed   after   lunch ,    it   took   a   IDstrokeofluckID   to   get   them   going   again ,    as   Matt   Critchley   inexplicably   ducked   into   a   Burrows   full   toss ,    and   umpire   George   Lloyd   equally   strangely   upheld   the   appeal .
“ Farm   Fresh   is   a   project   that   I   started   for   sentimental   reasons   and   by   a   IDstrokeofluckID ,    I   found   that   money   does   grow   on   trees .  ”
Through   a   sheer   IDstrokeofluckID   his   last   official   game   of   footy   was   categorised   as   a   Hawthorn   NAB   Challenge   clash    -    not   the   practice   match   he   was   playing   in    -    so   on   top   of   his    $ 75 , 000   wage   he   received   match   payments   for   the   2019   season   under   AFL   injury   provisions .
A   IDstrokeofluckID '    to   be   on   global   cruise   during   pandemic
Finding   Mangiatordi   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID .
Valkenborgh   said :     " It   was   a   IDstrokeofluckID   that   the   picture   was   left   untouched ,    to   be   saved   by   David   after   all   these   years .  "
And   there   are   others   who ,    somewhat   by   a   IDstrokeofluckID ,    are   doing   so   well   that   they   don ’ t   think   they   need   to   advertise   in   their   local   newspaper .
