"    The   science   in   her   words "    is   a   forum   where   scientists   of   all   disciplines   can   IDtakethefloorID ,    either   in   open   letters ,    or   excerpts   from   books .
Both   teams   face   South   Carolina   State   the   next   time   they   IDtakethefloorID .
By   the   time   the   Lady   Panthers    ( 3 - 0 )    IDtakethefloorID   against   the   Lady   Eagles ,    it   will   be   nearly   10   days   away   from   competition ,    giving   the   team   plenty   of   practice   time   to   work   on   getting   better .
All   22   teams   are   scheduled   to   practice   Saturday ,    which   is   likely   to   be   the   first   day   that   every   team   at   Disney   will   have   gotten   through   their   initial   quarantine   and   ready   to   IDtakethefloorID .
Freshmen   and   former   Memorial   stars   Kalib   Boone    ( left )    and   Keylan   Boone   IDtakethefloorID   during   Oklahoma   State ’ s   game   against   Oral   Roberts .
EL   PASO ,    Texas    ( KTSM )     -    Four   UTEP   seniors   will   IDtakethefloorID   for   the   final   time   at   the   Don   Haskins   Center   on   Saturday .
Both   the   House   and   Senate   are   due   to   IDtakethefloorID   on   Tuesday ,    continuing   where   they   left   off   in   May .
So   the   veteran   guard   did   something   he   normally   doesn ' t   do ,    slugging   down   one   of   those   tiny   energy   shots   as   he   prepared   to   IDtakethefloorID .
WITH   the   2021   Tokyo   Olympics   on   the   horizon ,    the   country ' s   top   sports   officials   IDtakethefloorID   to   vote   in   the
Months   of   healing   and   rehab   later ,    she   was   ready   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   her   junior   season   of   volleyball .
Months   of   healing   and   rehab   later ,    she   was   ready   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   her   junior   season   of   volleyball .
Both   teams   face   Kansas   City   the   next   time   they   IDtakethefloorID .
Miami   has   had   a   week   off   to   get   ready ,    part   of   that   time   including   the   stoppage   of   the   playoffs    —    which   started   when   the   Bucks   wouldn ’ t   IDtakethefloorID   on   Wednesday   in   protest   of   the   shooting   of   Jacob   Blake ,    a   Black   man ,    by   police   in   Kenosha ,    Wisconsin .
SUPERIOR    —    The   absence   of   Kalynn   Meyer   will   most   certainly   be   felt ,    and   especially   noticed ,    when   the   Superior   Wildcats   IDtakethefloorID   each   time   in   2020 .
Second - ranked   Baylor    ( 4 - 0 )    gets   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   the   first   time   in   more   than   a   week    -  -    the   Bears   have   had   four   of   their   last   five   scheduled   games   cancelled   or   postponed   due   to   COVID - 19    -  -    when   it   heads   to   Kansas   State    ( 3 - 4 )    on   Saturday .
Kansas   State   visits   Iowa   State   and   West   Virginia   heads   to   Oklahoma   State   on   Saturday   in   a   pair   of   games   featuring   four   teams   with   NCAA   Tournament   hopes ,    while   two   more   IDtakethefloorID   Saturday   when   TCU   visits   Texas   Tech .
Second - ranked   Baylor    ( 4 - 0 )    gets   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   the   first   time   in   more   than   a   week    -  -    the   Bears   have   had   four   of   their   last   five   scheduled   games   cancelled   or   postponed   due   to   COVID - 19    -  -    when   it   heads   to   Kansas   State    ( 3 - 4 )    on   Saturday .
Kansas   State   visits   Iowa   State   and   West   Virginia   heads   to   Oklahoma   State   on   Saturday   in   a   pair   of   games   featuring   four   teams   with   NCAA   Tournament   hopes ,    while   two   more   IDtakethefloorID   Saturday   when   TCU   visits   Texas   Tech .
Bauer   was   House   speaker   for   six   years   between   2002   and   2010   but   was   the   House   minority   leader   Democrats   refused   to   IDtakethefloorID   on   a   key   deadline   day   at   mid - session   in   2005 ,    killing   more   than   100   bills .
EUGENE ,    Ore .     ( AP )     —    Nyara   Sabally   waited   two   years   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   Oregon .
EUGENE ,    Ore .     ( AP )     -  -    Nyara   Sabally   waited   two   years   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   Oregon .
Things   apparently   moved   quickly :    Less   than   two   hours   later ,    the   Bucks   wouldn ’ t   IDtakethefloorID .
Johnny   will   IDtakethefloorID   with   Britt   Stewart .
The   Sept .    26   reopening   will   initially   include   just   the   Art   of   the   Americas   Wing   and   two   special   exhibitions ,     " Black   Histories ,    Black   Futures "    and    " Women   IDtakethefloorID .  "
The   trial   adjourned   on   Monday ,    giving   senators   their   chance   to   IDtakethefloorID .
The   Nittany   Lions   lost   former   head   coach   Pat   Chambers   after   he   resigned   in   late   October   and   will   IDtakethefloorID   without   forward   Lamar   Stevens   to   start   the   season   for   the   first   time   since   2015 .
Miami   has   had   a   week   off   to   get   ready ,    part   of   that   time   including   the   stoppage   of   the   playoffs    —    which   started   when   the   Bucks   wouldn ’ t   IDtakethefloorID   on   Wednesday   in   protest   of   the   shooting   of   Jacob   Blake ,    a   Black   man ,    by   police   in   Kenosha ,    Wisconsin .
The   WNBA   tweeted   that   they   won ' t   IDtakethefloorID   Thursday   as   players   discuss   and   reflect   on    " recent   events .  "
Three   NBA   playoff   games   were   postponed   after   the   Milwaukee   Bucks   decided   not   to   IDtakethefloorID   against   the   Orlando   Magic   as   players   took   a   stand   with   their   Bucks   counterparts .
Hailing   the   Supreme   Court   order   directing   the   Congress - led   Madhya   Pradesh   government   to   IDtakethefloorID   test   on   Friday ,    BJP   vice   president   and   former   chief   minister   Shivraj   Singh   Chouhan   exuded   confidence   that   the   government   would   face   defeat ,    paving   the   way   for   a   new   regime .
On   Thursday ,    Januuary   23   at   7pm   Bela   Fleck   and   Abigail   Washburn   IDtakethefloorID .
The   Milwaukee   Bucks   were   the   first   team   that   refused   to   IDtakethefloorID   in   these   NBA   playoffs ,    and   they ’ ll   be   in   the   first   game   when   play   resumes   Saturday
LeBron   James   and   the   Los   Angeles   Lakers   IDtakethefloorID   for   Game   1   of   their   first - round   series   against   the   No .
Every   time   we   IDtakethefloorID ,    we ' re   going   to   go   out   there   and   try   to   win   a   game .  "
On   Jan .    28 ,    I   was   the   first   member   of   Congress   to   IDtakethefloorID   and   sound   the   alarm   on   the   potential   for   a   pandemic .
URI   coach   David   Cox ,    urging   his   players   on   during   a   game   against   Duquesne   in   January ,    looks   to   have   a   very   different   team   when   the   Rams   once   again   IDtakethefloorID   at   the   Ryan   Center .
“ When   we   force   teams   the   way   we   want   to   play ,    like   we   did   in   the   second   half ,    there   isn ’ t   a   team   in   Class   4A   we   can ’ t   IDtakethefloorID   against   and   be   in   the   game   in   the   fourth   quarter .
Canada   Border   Services   Agency   officer   Sanjit   Dhillon   will   continue   testifying   on   Tuesday ,    as   prosecutors   wrap   up   their   questions   and   defense   lawyers   IDtakethefloorID .
No   NBA   games   were   played   last   night   as   players   opted   not   to   IDtakethefloorID ,    beginning   with   the   Milwaukee   Bucks   and   Orlando   Magic .
That ’ s   when   all   the   teams   remaining   in   the   bubble   met   to   discuss   what   they   were   going   to   do   after   the   Milwaukee   Bucks   opted   not   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   their   game   that   day   in   protest   over   the   shooting   of   Jacob   Blake ,    a   move   that   triggered   the   postponement   of   all   of   Wednesday ’ s   and   Thursday ’ s   games .
The   Bucks   made   history   earlier   in   the   postseason   by   refusing   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   Game   5   of   their   first - round   series   with   Orlando   as   a   form   of   protest   following   the   police   shooting   of   Jacob   Blake   in   Kenosha ,    Wisconsin .
Both   teams   face   Weber   State   the   next   time   they   IDtakethefloorID .
Less   than   two   hours   later ,    the   Bucks   wouldn ' t   IDtakethefloorID .
NBA   postpones   all   games   set   for   today   after   Bucks   don ' t   IDtakethefloorID   in   wake   of   Jacob   Blake   shooting
LAKE   BUENA   VISTA ,    Fla .     —    The   NBA   is   postponing   all   games   Wednesday   after   the   Milwaukee   Bucks   didn ' t   IDtakethefloorID   in   their   playoff   match   against   the   Magic ,    according   to   a   statement .
Kentavious   Caldwell - Pope ’ s   grip   on   Avery   Bradley ’ s   starting   role   seemed   more   assured   this   week ,    as   Vogel   said   he   was    “ pretty   sure ”    the   guard   who   started   for   Bradley   during   an   injury   earlier   this   season   would   start   again   when   the   Lakers   IDtakethefloorID   on   Thursday   for   a   scrimmage   against   the   Mavericks .
The   NBA   playoffs    —    which   stopped   for   three   days   after   the   Bucks   refused   to   IDtakethefloorID   on   Wednesday   in   protest   of   the   shooting   by   police   of   Jacob   Blake ,    a   Black   man ,    in   Kenosha ,    Wisconsin   this   past   weekend    —    are   set   to   resume .
Both   teams   face   Kansas   City   the   next   time   they   IDtakethefloorID .
We ' ve   seen   dessert   masters   and   Michelin - starred   maestros   featured   on   the   show ,    and   now   its   the   best   pitmasters   turn   to   IDtakethefloorID .
ESPN ’ s   Jackie   MacMullan   reported   that   the   pain   is   Simmons ’    lower   back   has    “ all   but   dissipated .  ”    The   report   also   stated   that   if   basketball   is   to   return   this   season   that   Simmons   will   IDtakethefloorID .
Before   the   women   IDtakethefloorID ,    Mary   Ann   Rickertsen   shares   that   she   is   off   two   medications   because   of   the   progress   she   has   made   in   the   Fit   an …
When   the   team   could   IDtakethefloorID ,    social   distancing   practices   were   put   into   place   and   the   choreography   needed   to   allow   for   spacing   even   between   transitions .
The   House   impeachment   managers   were   to   close   out   their   case   late   yesterday ,    opening   the   way   for   Trump ’ s   defence   to   IDtakethefloorID   in   the   Senate   for   three   days ,    today ,    Monday   and   Tuesday ,    to   argue   for   acquittal   in   only   the   third   impeachment   trial   of   a   US   president   in   history .
Despite   their   imperfect   schedule ,    when   the   59ers   have   been   able   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   a   game ,    they   haven ' t   lost .
Now ,    this   would   almost   certainly   be   a   non - starter   from   Brooklyn ' s   point   of   view ,    because   breaking   up   the   Durant - Irving   pairing   before   the   former   ever   got   a   chance   to   IDtakethefloorID   seems   completely   out   of   the   realm   of   possibility .
Every   time   we   IDtakethefloorID ,    we ' re   going   to   go   out   there   and   try   to   win   a   game .  "
Irving   and   the   Nets   IDtakethefloorID   again   on   Tuesday   when   they   open   up   their   regular   season   slate   against   the   Golden   State   Warriors .
One   of   them   is   a   young   phenom   ready   to   IDtakethefloorID   for   the   first   time   in   his   NBA   career .
The   hallmarks   of   Legacy   volleyball   has   been   grit   and   fight ,    a   team   that   has   found   a   way   to   win   each   time   they   IDtakethefloorID .
Carlton   Linguard   didn ’ t   IDtakethefloorID   for   Kansas   State   during   Wednesday ’ s   season - opening   loss   to   Drake .
" I   hate   the   fact   that   he ' s   not   going   to   be   able   to   have   a   big   crowd    ( because   of   COVID )    in   here   to   watch   us   IDtakethefloorID   Wednesday   night .  "
The   NHL   has   reportedly   postponed   Thursday   night ' s   playoff   games ,    as   the   NBA   and   WNBA   have   done   since   the   Milwaukee   Bucks   refused   to   IDtakethefloorID   in   protest   of   the   police   shooting   of   a   Black   man   in   Wisconsin .
