As a boxing commentator used to say, "I IDtellitlikeitisID."
We IDtellitlikeitisID.
Suggestion 4: Since you are a one-term president, you can IDtellitlikeitisID.
Multitalented and responsible, you IDtellitlikeitisID.
She IDtellitlikeitisID.
You often IDtellitlikeitisID.
IDtellitlikeitisID!
IDtellitlikeitisID!
The 28-year-old singer is never afraid to IDtellitlikeitisID—and Sunday night's award show was no exception.
As a boxing commentator used to say, "I IDtellitlikeitisID."
Kidney is the Director of Rugby at London Irish while Kiss is the head coach, and O'Brien has really enjoyed working with the duo once again.&quot;We have had some good conversations, Deccie knows me long enough that I would come to him straight with something and IDtellitlikeitisID and he would do the same with me but he'd hum and he'd haw and he'd find a way to get the message out, which is quite funny,&quot; O'Brien said.&quot;He is still the same fella that he was back at the start for me.
“I’m briefing alone tonight because the ratings have tanked.” DONNA LOGAR, Santa Rosa “If he could read my mind, I would be so fired.” KAY MARQUET, Santa Rosa “Now that’s he’s left the room, I can IDtellitlikeitisID.” BARRY HACHMYER, Sebastopol “The good news is, the coronavirus...
As a boxing commentator used to say, "I IDtellitlikeitisID."
Sadly, there is no way Bill Burr will ever be invited back on SNL, which is a shame, because his aggressive, IDtakenoprisonersID, IDtellitlikeitisID type of energy is exactly what makes for great comedy, is the secret ingredient that made the once iconic show successful in the first place, and is the only thing that could ever return it to prominence once again.
Charles, a publisher and author, says she doesn't give a toss about all that and says it's high time to IDtellitlikeitisID.
Aggie was a "spit-fire" whose direct conviction was "IDtellitlikeitisID".
Aggie was a spit-fire whose direct conviction was IDtellitlikeitisID.
He doesn't "IDtellitlikeitisID", he tells it as he sees it.
She was independent, colorful and had a knack for IDtellitlikeitisID.
She was independent, colorful and had a knack for IDtellitlikeitisID.
We can all learn a thing or two, or four, from the moms and business women who aren’t afraid to IDtellitlikeitisID — even if the masses don’t agree.
Best known for her vibrant, outgoing "IDtellitlikeitisID" personality she also had a quiet strength and always had smile on her face even when times were tough.
You are likely to IDtellitlikeitisID.
Oprah is a woman who, in the midst of America's cultural tumult, has the courage to IDtellitlikeitisID.
The 28-year-old singer is never afraid to IDtellitlikeitisID—and Sunday night's award show was no exception.
It seems that in today’s political world, it’s in fashion to shoot one’s mouth off and “IDtellitlikeitisID.” We should, however, expect those who represent our interests to show wise judgment, to think before they speak, to consider others’ well-being and to consider advice from experts in fields other than their own.
Desmond Cole is a Canadian writer and activist who Barron thinks is going to be proactive and “IDtellitlikeitisID”; he kicks off the event with a virtual keynote speech at 9AM via Zoom.
You often IDtellitlikeitisID.
The entire region needs someone who will IDrisetotheoccasionID, ask the tough questions, buck convention when appropriate and IDtellitlikeitisID, rather than hide behind staff, statistics and sanctimonious pronouncements.
“Scientists have a moral obligation to clearly warn humanity of any catastrophic threat and to ‘IDtellitlikeitisID,’” the statement signed by the eleven thousand-plus scientists begins.
Wally Censorship you do not know me so what says you at least I IDtellitlikeitisID truth
Horoscopes Oct. 9, 2020: Scott Bakula, IDtellitlikeitisID
She would IDtellitlikeitisID.
Thank goodness for brave and forthright radio broadcasters who IDtellitlikeitisID, and none are more fearless than the award-winning Gary Bellamy.
We can all learn a thing or two, or four, from the mom of three who is never afraid to IDtellitlikeitisID — even if the masses don’t agree.
Instead, he said, Wright's words were in line with "black prophetic preaching,” where “preachers are expected, indeed encouraged to speak the truth, tell Pharaoh and IDtellitlikeitisID with clarity, creativity and passion.”
The paper’s motto was: “We IDtellitlikeitisID, somebody has to.”
“They IDtellitlikeitisID.
She IDtellitlikeitisID.
Get some guts IDtellitlikeitisID!
Honesty is the best policy; IDtellitlikeitisID without getting upset or angry.
When you do, IDtellitlikeitisID.
We didn’t say ‘Pursuant to your suspected intention to perpetrate criminal activities in this location, we beg to inform you that the aforementioned nefarious activities may conclude in criminal proceedings being taken with resultant termination of liberty.’ Clearly, the criminals around here just needed us to IDtellitlikeitisID.’
For Joe Biden to tell the American people this accusation is “totally discredited,” when the media hadn’t even touched the story, well, honest fact- checkers would IDtellitlikeitisID: Joe Biden stood up in front of tens of millions of Americans on Tuesday night and told a self-serving lie – a lie that would have been called a four-alarm trouser conflagration if Trump had said it.
I've always had a transparent relationship with my son and IDtellitlikeitisID, but this time feels different, and I don't know if I can do this.
