“When you have a good fastball, why would you IDthrowacurveID?
Or little league and high school coaches that taught them to IDthrowacurveID or turn a double play.
Little did I know second semester would IDthrowacurveID that I never thought I would encounter: studying music online.
He said that although Mother Nature can IDthrowacurveID, getting a good crop means working for it, and he is “old school” when it comes to that.
Life is always going to IDthrowacurveID when you IDplayballID.
"The catcher said, 'He's going to IDthrowacurveID first pitch.'
Quintana, who is throwing on flat ground from 90 to 105 feet, hopes to throw off a mound in the next seven to 10 days and believes he'll be able to IDthrowacurveID soon without any discomfort in his thumb.
Marlins IDthrowacurveID, and football freezes in its tracks
I heard [Wilder and Fury] have a third fight lined up towards the end of the year but we have to IDthrowacurveID in there."
"When I can’t IDthrowacurveID for a strike, I have one option, or one-and-a-half options basically, just a little bit of a changeup.
“The catcher said, ‘He’s going to IDthrowacurveID first pitch.’ I looked down at him and he says, ‘No, curveball first pitch.
Trevor might IDthrowacurveID ball in the "Tanking for Trevor" hashtag
COVID-19 is truly an enigma — every time we feel like the medical community is IDgetahandleonID it, it has the ability to IDthrowacurveID, and set us behind.
After all, this has been a year of total craziness and no one will bat an eye if you decide to IDthrowacurveID and buck tradition for the opener.
He just chose the wrong time to IDthrowacurveID.
And while there is already an agreement in place for a third fight, Joshua believes he can 'IDthrowacurveID in there' and finally secure a big-money showdown with Wilder.
"I heard [Wilder and Fury] have a third fight lined up towards the end of the year but we have to IDthrowacurveID in there.
"The catcher said, 'He's going to IDthrowacurveID first pitch.'
Fisher’s claims IDthrowacurveID into the band’s ongoing litigation.
They could even IDthrowacurveID and put Lars Sullivan in there.
