“ He ’ s    …    saying   IDthebuckstopshereID .
" He ' s    .  .  .    saying   IDthebuckstopshereID .
During   my   growing   up   years ,    there   were   catch   phrases   associated   with   presidents   such   as    “ IDthebuckstopshereID ”    and    “ ask   not   what   your   country   can   do   for   you ,    ask   what   you   can   do   for   your   country .  ”
" IDthebuckstopshereID "    declared   Truman ' s   intention   to   assume   responsibility   for   whatever   landed   on   that   desk .
There   is   no    “ IDthebuckstopshereID ,  ”    like   the   sign   once   found   on   President   Harry   S .    Truman ’ s   desk .
“ I   took   the   blame   because   IDthebuckstopshereID ,    but   it   was   an   amendment   slipped   into   a   huge   bill   in   the   middle   of   the   night ,  ”    Hull   later   told   the   AP   about   the   process   that   put   the   legislation   on   her   desk .
There   is   no    “ IDthebuckstopshereID ,  ”    like   the   sign   once   found   on   President   Harry   S .    Truman ’ s   desk .
" I   keep   thinking   of   Harry   Truman   and   how   he   always   said ,     ‘ IDthebuckstopshereID .  ’    Our   president   says ,     ‘ I ’ m   not   taking   responsibility   for   that ,  ’  ”    Kunzman   said .
Truman   had   a   sign   on   his   desk   that   said    “ IDthebuckstopshereID .  ”    Trump ’ s   sign   should   say ,     “ Let   me   blame   somebody   else .  ”
There   is   no    “ IDthebuckstopshereID ,  ”    like   the   sign   once   found   on   President   Harry   S .    Truman ’ s   desk .
There   is   no    " IDthebuckstopshereID ,  "    like   the   sign   once   found   on   President   Harry   S .    Truman ' s   desk .
The   letter   endorsing   Biden   cites   the   need   for   a   president   who   understands   that    “ IDthebuckstopshereID ,  ”    according   to   a   news   release .
IDthebuckstopshereID :    Era   of   dollar   to   end   sooner   than   anticipated
The   time   for   action   is   now   and   as   the   Mayor ,    IDthebuckstopshereID ,  ”    Ralph   added .
“ I   took   the   blame   because   IDthebuckstopshereID ,    but   it   was   an   amendment   slipped   into   a   huge   bill   in   the   middle   of   the   night ,  ”    Hull   later   told   the   AP   about   the   process   that   put   the   legislation   on   her   desk .
President   Truman   said   it   best   about   the   presidency ,     “ IDthebuckstopshereID !  ”
There   is   no   mistaking   his   approach   with   Harry   S .    Truman ' s    " IDthebuckstopshereID "    view   of   accountability .
Having   served   as   chairman   and   chief   executive   of   a   utility ,    I   believe   in   President   Harry   S .    Truman ’ s   maxim   that    " IDthebuckstopshereID "    with   leaders .
desk   accouterment   that   read    “ IDthebuckstopshereID .  ”
“ I   took   the   blame   because   IDthebuckstopshereID ,    but   it   was   an   amendment   slipped   into   a   huge   bill   in   the   middle   of   the   night ,  ”    Hull   later   told   the   AP   about   the   process   that   put   the   legislation   on   her   desk .
Florida   Appellate   Court   Shuts   Down   Financial   Discovery   on   Employers :    IDthebuckstopshereID
