Let ' s   hope   they   IDthrowthebookatID   him .
Later ,    in   front   of   City   Hall ,    Philome   chastised   Wrigley   for   his   warning   about   federal   charges   against   arrested   protesters   and   said    " if   you ' re   going   to   IDthrowthebookatID   them ,    you   better   throw   the   book   at   us .  "
They   have   threatened   to   IDthrowthebookatID   anyone   who   attempts   to   gather   at   the   sacred   Shrine   of   Remembrance   for   a   planned    ' Freedom   Rally '  ,    saying   hefty   fines   and   arrests   are   likely .
Morganne   Campbell   explains   why   the   Ford   government   has   decided   to   IDthrowthebookatID   those   price   gouging .
" We   will   IDthrowthebookatID   anybody   who   doesn ' t   have   a   COVID - safe   plan ,     ( and   anyone )    who   not   only   doesn ' t   have   a   QR   code   system   in   place   but   doesn ' t   even   have   a   sign - in   system   in   place ,  "    she   said   on   Monday .
Lawmaker   wants   accounting   regulator   to   IDthrowthebookatID   Deloitte   over   1MDB   audit
Prosecutors   Reveal   How   They   Intend   to   IDthrowthebookatID   Ex - Cops   Charged   in   George   Floyd ’ s   Death
IDthrowthebookatID   these   two   thugs !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !
Now ,    a   California   lawmaker   is   proposing   the   CAREN   Act ,    which   will   help   authorities   IDthrowthebookatID   anyone   using   911   in   a   fashion   that   suggests   that   a   person ’ s   race   is   the   reason   for   the   call .
AG   Barr   Wanted   to   IDthrowthebookatID   Government   Officials   Enabling   Rioting
" We   will   IDthrowthebookatID   anybody   who   doesn ' t   have   a   COVID - safe   plan ,     ( and   anyone )    who   not   only   doesn ' t   have   a   QR   code   system   in   place   but   doesn ' t   even   have   a   sign - in   system   in   place ,  "    she   said   on   Monday .
ROBERT   TRACINSKI :    IDthrowthebookatID   the   Rioters .
Instapundit    »    Blog   Archive    »    ROBERT   TRACINSKI :    IDthrowthebookatID   the   Rioters .
" No   point   was   taken   by   the   referee ,  "    Redkach   continued   to   RING ,    and   he   pointed   out   no   authorities   looked   to   IDthrowthebookatID   him ,    for   assault ,    or   what   have   you .
The   Government   needs   to   IDthrowthebookatID   someone   here .
John   Nichols :    AG   Josh   Kaul   should   IDthrowthebookatID   those   who   engage   in   voter   suppression
Find   the   criminal    /    criminals   that   did   this   and   IDthrowthebookatID   them !  !  !
This   follows   several   delays   which   saw   the   Gauteng   government   IDthrowthebookatID   the   city ’ s   council   threatening   to   place   it   under   ad .  .  .
NSW   Police   Minister   David   Elliott   promised   to   IDthrowthebookatID   anyone   found   guilty   of   ripping   off   vulnerable   farmers .
I   hope   the   authorities   IDthrowthebookatID   her   and   deny   her   legal   aid .
EDITORIAL :    IDthrowthebookatID   Satanist
IDthrowthebookatID   him .
Prosecutor   Joan   Illuzzi   asked   the   judge   to   IDthrowthebookatID   Weinstein ,    saying    “ Harvey   Weinstein   is   a   person   who   appeared   to   have   it   all :    He   had   obtained   wealth ,    prestige ,    and   power   in   an   occupation   that   most   people   looking ,    from   the   outside   in ,    appeared   to   be   one   filled   with   fun   and   enjoying   enjoyment .  ”
