IDtimewilltellID   if   actions   taken   in   New   York   will   have   a   ripple   effect   in   Waterloo   Region .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   a   new   administration   can   definitively   reverse   some   of   the   trends   accelerated   by   Trump .
Tony   Mowbray   says   IDtimewilltellID   whether   he ' ll   have   a   number   of   first   team   players   back   available   for   the   New   Year ' s   Day   trip   to   Nottingham   Forest .
It   also   seems   less   and   less   likely   that   lawmakers   will   ignore   Facebook ' s   antics ,    and   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   they   bring   the   hammer   down   on   the   world ' s   largest   social   media   company .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   that   is   the   case ,    but   if   it   is ,    then   he   is   failing   at   the   very   first   hurdle .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   what   really   happened   with   Clare   and   Dale .
IDtimewilltellID ,    but   it ’ s   probably   a   wise   move   to   be   a   shareholder .
IDtimewilltellID   if   the   Patriots   got   another   undrafted   steal   in   the   Miami   product .
He ’ s   on   the   trip   with   Alabama ,    and   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   Citrus   Bowl   will   be   the   end   of   his   college   days .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Microsoft ' s    $ 7 . 5   billion   purchase   was   worth   it .
IDtimewilltellID   if   this   revamped   game   will   reap   rewards   at   majors ,    where   his   best   result   to   date   is   a   tie   for   15th   place   at   the   US   Open   in   2016 .
But   truth   takes   the   stairs    .  .  .    IDtimewilltellID   my   story ,  "    Perry ,    35 ,    said   while   discussing   the   past   feud .
With   this   product   rollout ,    Chief   Marketing   Officer   Lori   Hatcher   calls   Hexo    “ an   entirely   different   kind   of   beverage   company .  ”    Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   successful   these   adult - use   beverages   will   be ,    but   owners   of   HEXO   stock   should   appreciate   the   firm ’ s   initiative   and   ambition .
Even   so ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   Ava ' s   restaurant   will   see   more   business   from   all   the   free   publicity .
The   interesting   thing   is   that   when   you   begin   looking   at   whether   it   is   work   comp   or   GL ,    you   are   seeing   a   frequency   decrease   on   the   non - COVID   claims   everyone   is   posting   on   COVID   understandably ,    but   the   non - COVID   is   really   reducing   the   other   way ,    will   that   completely   offset ,    IDtimewilltellID   on   that ,    but   you   see   that   as   a   potential   dampener   on   social   inflation   to   the   extent   that   have   fewer   cases   to   get   to   majority   awarded   and   some   of   the   counties   we   could    -    around   the   country   we   could   comment   on .
Gavin   Newsom ’ s   guidelines   as   part   of   the   reason   they   felt   it   was   the   right   time   to   reopen   their   counties ,    IDtimewilltellID   if   the   pace   is   too   fast .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   it   has   been   a   successful   move ,  "    Kosachev   said ,    commenting   on   the   US   strike   on   the   Baghdad   airport ,    which   killed   the   Iranian   military   general .
IDtimewilltellID ,    until   then    –    we ’ ll   just   bask   in   the   sunshine   and   hope   spring   training   2020   provides .
The   Yankees   are   still   a   very   good   team ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   if   a   potentially   weak   rotation   could   over   tax   the   bullpen   and   be   too   much   for   an   offense   to   continually   bail   out .
" Losing   the   toss   and   being   stuck   on   a   greenish   wicket ,    you ' d   probably   take   270   at   the   start   of   the   day   but   IDtimewilltellID   tomorrow .
This   is   a   big   step   for   him    -    and   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   he ’ s   ready .
Only   IDtimewilltellID !
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   check   out   the   video   at   the   top   of   the   post   to   see   Julie ' s   new   playground ,    and   then   tune   in   tonight   at   8   p . m .    on   CBS   to   see   both   the   new   stage   and   house   in   action .
IDtimewilltellID ,    but   Chelsea   are   hopeful   that   their   latest   addition   from   Rennes   will   continue   to   compare   favourably   to   their   last .
Now   only   IDtimewilltellID   what   will   he   do   to   Ryan   for   spoiling   his   sweet   anniversary   wish .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   when   the   first   brand   will   take   heed   to   this   call   to   action   and   reveal   what   they   are   working   with ,    but   what   we   do   know   is   that   the   clock   is   ticking .
So   I   think   we   have   to   wait   to   see   if   that   in   vitro   translates   into   the   clinical ,    will   just    -  -    I   think   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   having   said   that ,    I   think   the   reality   is   that   the   data   from   the   CAPELLA   trial ,    with   those   36   patients   were   pretty   impressive ,    and   we ' re   pretty   excited   about   those   data .
IDtimewilltellID ,    but   the   positive   development   may   act   as   a   catalyst   for   domestic   and   international   investors   to   re - examine   the   UK   market ’ s    “ cheap ”    valuation   versus   its   own   history   and   compared   to   other   countries .
Dubey   responded   by   saying ,     " Thanks   for   your   comment ,    IDtimewilltellID   who   brought   the   committee ' s   work   into   disrepute   Mr .
IDtimewilltellID   how    " Sugar "    responds   to   this   setback .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   his   surgically   repaired   left   knee   will   allow   him   to   resemble   that   player   in   2020 .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   well   she   adjusts .
IDtimewilltellID   if   this   pandemic   hype   is   just   an   excuse   to   ripoff   the   taxpayers   again .
IDtimewilltellID   if   this   pandemic   hype   is   just   an   excuse   to   ripoff   the   taxpayers   again .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   NBN   Co   will   need   to   extend   the   40   per   cent   extra   CVC   offer   yet   again .
IDtimewilltellID   on   that   one .
Live   streams   are   awesome   and   they ’ re   a   great   way   to   connect   right   now   but   they ’ re   not   the   same   environment   so   I   think   there   will   still   be   a   place   for   that   afterword   but   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    said   Frantz .
Depending   on   responses   from   the   town   based   on   the   experiences   of   current   residents   about   delays   in   the   rebuilding   process ,    IDtimewilltellID   when   residents   can   begin   to   utilize   the   grant   funds   made   possible   by   the   Foundation   and   move   through   the   process   for   finally   building   their   septic   system .
I   think   IDtimewilltellID   if   Harris   sees   herself   aligned   with   movement   and   brings   movement   along   with   her .  ”
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
IDtimewilltellID   what   will   happen .
IDtimewilltellID '     \  -    Former   Derby   County   boss   delivers   interesting   Wayne   Rooney   verdict
IDtimewilltellID ,    of   course ,    if   the   good   vibes   continue   for   the   Thunder .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   we   see   a   Josh   Hartnett   renaissance ,    but   if   that   does   happen ,    something   tells   me   it   won ' t   be   like   what   happened   his   first   time   around .
IDtimewilltellID   what ’ s   in   store   for   a   potential   2020   season   and   the    “ Field   of   Dreams   Game .  ”
IDtimewilltellID ,    and   WWE   will   be   glad   people   are   talking   before   the   group   has   really   made   their   presence   felt .
" Only   IDtimewilltellID   when   he   will   be   ready   to   race   again ,  "    Puig   said .
IDtimewilltellID '  :    How   NFL   experts   reacted   to   the   2020   Patriots   draft   class
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   4 - 2 - 3 - 1   experiment   was   a   one - off   or   just   the   beginning   of   a   new - look   Barcelona   as   they   look   to   reclaim   the   LaLiga   title   from   arch - rivals   Real   Madrid .
The   Act   has   not   yet   commenced   and   IDtimewilltellID   if   it ’ s   real   or   a   populist   gimmick .
IDtimewilltellID   if   that   vision   has   been   worth   three   years   of   campaigning .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   as   results   keep   coming   in .
“ IDtimewilltellID ,    but   I   don ’ t   doubt   the   decision   and   still   think   it ’ s   the   right   thing .  ”
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   that   goal   will   stir   a   return   to   prominence   in   the   closing   weeks   of   the   campaign .
IDtimewilltellID   if   it ’ s   right .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   structure   in   Southern   California   will   disappear   like   its   two   predecessors .
IDtimewilltellID   how   economic   conditions   affect   future   purchasing   behavior   and   the   size   of   the   overall   home   market ,    but   there   is   little   doubt   that   the   quality   of   experience   we   can   offer   to   new   and   returning   customers   during   this   challenging   time   will   serve   us   well   in   the   future .
Comets   can   be   fickle   and   unpredictable ,    so   only   IDtimewilltellID   the   fate   of   Comet   SWAN .
Only   IDtimewilltellID !
“ IDtimewilltellID   if   we ’ re   there .  ”
The   season   ends   on   that   note ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   when   the   cameras   turn   back   on   to   bring   us   the   shenanigans   from   Chicago .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   these   measures   will   be   enough   to   help   stop   the   senseless   loss   of   life   that   has   plagued   the   mining   industry   over   the   past   two   years .
Trump :     ‘ IDtimewilltellID ’    who   occupies   White   House   next   year
Donald   Trump   says    ' IDtimewilltellID '    who   will   be   next   president   but   still   won ' t   concede   defeat
" Hopefully   the    —    the   uh ,    whatever   happens   in   the   future ,    who   knows   which   administration   it   will   be ,    I   guess   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    won ' t   lockdown   either ,    he   said .
IDtimewilltellID   how   much   this   approach   has   set   back   the   coronavirus   effort    –    and   to   what   extent   it   has   extended   the   reach   of   private   companies   inside   the   health   service .
IDtimewilltellID   if   the   strategy   is   successful .
Point   is ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   what   Jefferson   is .
But   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    said   Jess   Ochoa ,    a   barista   at   Drip   coffee   shop ,    told   the   newspaper .
Dr .    Moncef   Slaoui   told   CNN ’ s    “ State   of   the   Union ”    that   only   IDtimewilltellID   for   certain   but   that   the   vaccine ’ s   effectiveness   could   last   for    “ many ,    many   years .  ” Associated   Press   writers   Adam   Beam   and   Kathleen   Ronayne   in   Sacramento ,    California ,    and   Hope   Yen   in   Washington   contributed   to   this   story . Copyright   2020   The   Associated   Press .
Dr .    Moncef   Slaoui   told   CNN ' s    " State   of   the   Union "    that   only   IDtimewilltellID   for   certain ,    but   that   in   his   opinion ,    the   vaccine ' s   effectiveness   could   last   for    " many ,    many   years ,  "    with   older   people   and   others   who   are   more   vulnerable   requiring   a   booster   every   three   to   five   years .
Dr .    Moncef   Slaoui   told   CNN ’ s    “ State   of   the   Union ”    that   only   IDtimewilltellID   for   certain   but   that   the   vaccine ’ s   effectiveness   could   last   for    “ many ,    many   years .  ”
" I   just   wanted   to   celebrate   the   moment   with   my   mom ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    Huerta   tells   ET   of   the   one   graduation   wish   he   still   has .
IDtimewilltellID   if   this   carefree   approach   can   carry   the   25 - year - old   from   Hunan   successfully   through   the   closing   36   holes .
" Hopefully   whatever   happens   in   the   future ,    who   knows ,    which   administration   it   will   be   I   guess   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   I   can   tell   you   this   administration   will   not   go   to   a   lockdown .  "
IDtimewilltellID ’  :    Donald   Trump   comes   closest   yet   to   admitting   defeat
“ Hopefully   whatever   happens   in   the   future ,    who   knows ,    which   administration   it   will   be   I   guess   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   I   can   tell   you   this   administration   will   not   go   to   a   lockdown .  ”
Perhaps   IDtimewilltellID   which   players   are   making   these   calls   to   the   Buccaneers .
IDtimewilltellID ,    but   for   right   now ,    they ' re   free   to   live   another   day .
I   think   only   IDtimewilltellID   in   terms   of   what   we ’ ll   do   for   the   championship .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   when   Millsap   is   back   on   the   ground   for   the   Nuggets .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Crystal   Dynamics   can   deliver   a   great   Marvel   game .
" We ' re   not   sure   of   that   as   of   right   now ,    only   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    Dedman   said .
IDtimewilltellID   what   happens   next   with   these   two .
IDtimewilltellID   what   impact   this   will   have   but   in   many   cases ,    programs   and   schools   will   be   operating   in   similar   ways   to   how   they   have   been   operating .  ”
Ultimately ,    though ,    IDtimewilltellID   and   we ' re   curious   to   see   where   the   week   goes .
IDtimewilltellID ,    but   now   we   know   that   Loki ' s   heart   is — often   begrudgingly — in   the   right   place ,    and   his   loyalty   to   his   family   comes   through   again   and   again .
IDtimewilltellID   whether   these   are   the   new   Tottenham   Hotspur   kit   for   next   season   or   not ,    but   it ' s   certainly   eliciting   strong   feelings   online .
Any   individual   that   has   been   detained   by   SARS   for   an   extended   period   of   IDtimewilltellID   you   exactly   that .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   that   proves   to   be   the   case ,    but   we   will   never   know   unless   they   are   given   enough   of   a   chance   to   prove   themselves .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   that   proves   to   be   the   case ,    but   we   will   never   know   unless   they   are   given   enough   of   a   chance   to   prove   themselves .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Shukla   will   indeed   walk   out   of   the   house   or   not !
“ IDtimewilltellID   whether   it   is   his   lifeline   or   his   swan   song .  ”
I   guess   only   IDtimewilltellID ,  ”    he   said ,    looking   across   the   green   pastures .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Relax   IDtimewilltellID   if   it ’ s   a   suicide   and   don ’ t   try   to   be   self   proclaimed   psychiatrist .
IDtimewilltellID   if   the   pageant   can   again   become   a   symbol   of   continuity ,    as   it   did   when   it   returned   in   the   1930s ,    or   if ,    like   baby   parades   and   better   baby   contests ,    COVID - 19   brings   more   than   a   mere   postponement   to   a   100 - year - long   tradition .
In   this   case ,    Outling   made   the   motion   and   the   City   Council   voted   unanimously   to   hold   the   work   session   he   requested ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   that   work   session   is   every   held .
IDtimewilltellID   if   he   is ,    indeed ,     " The   One ,  "    and   fortunately ,    you   both   have   plenty   of   it .
At   times ,    it   seemed   like   Nicole   was   apologizing   to   Janelle   and   Kaysar   about   the   way   things   had   gone   down ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   she   was   being   honest   with   them .
( This   aspect   is   different   from   US / European   protective   guidelines   which   IDtimewilltellID …  )
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    however ,    officials   say   that   the   spike   in   positive   cases   may   be   because   of   increased   testing   and   does   not   necessarily   mean   that   hospital   beds   are   filling   up .
IDtimewilltellID   if   American   Christian   Pulisic   will   start   at   right   wing   again   for   this   match .
However ,    as   always ,    IDtimewilltellID   as   to   what   the   Robins   intentions   are   in   regard   to   the   market .
IDtimewilltellID   how   bad   those   are ,    but   the   hope   is   that   after   ending   2020   as   they   started   it   with   a   win   over   Italy ,    Wales   can   go   to   the   next   level   in   the   12   months   to   come .
There   is   extensive   training   being   developed   on   this   issue ,    and   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   is   effective ,    but   for   a   leader   who   loves   life   hacks    ( or   can ’ t   afford   a   CCO )  ,    there   are   sites   that   can   provide   a   culture   cheat   sheet   to   help   you ,    such   as   this   graph   of   the   context   continuum .
" IDtimewilltellID   whether   or   not   he   is   like   Kaka .  "
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   we ’ ll   actually   see   the   day .
IDtimewilltellID   if   Gov .
Harley   certainly   seems   happy   with   her   newfound   freedom   and   IDtimewilltellID   whether   her   breakup   with   Mr .    J    ( which   was   filmed   with   a   stand - in )    will   make   it   into   the   final   cut   of   the   film .
FandomWire   mentions   that   there ' s   speculation   Christian   Bale    -    who   was   recently   revealed   to   be   in   talks   to   join   the   Marvel   Studios   movie    -    could   play   Bill   but   IDtimewilltellID   on   that   front .
“ IDtimewilltellID ,  ”    said   Boyne .
IDtimewilltellID   if   this   ends   up   being   the   kind   of   fix   that   gets   the   game   back   into   the   good   graces   of   the   larger   fanbase .
“ IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   MCC   practices   what   it   preaches ,  "    Devlin - Brown   said .
" IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   MCC   practices   what   it   preaches ,  "    Devlin - Brown   said .
IDtimewilltellID   how   household   confinement   may   prompt   a   relative   increase   in   live   television   viewing   or   accelerate   the   trend   to   watching   other   forms   of   video .
In   terms   of   talent ,    LSU   appears   to   have   plenty   of   upside ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   how   long   it   takes   to   be   realized .
It   was   clearly   a   sticking   point   for   Solskjaer   and   IDtimewilltellID   whether   Spurs   were   right   to   accept   such   a   transfer   or   not .
IDtimewilltellID   but   this   is   one   is   certainly   in   play .
IDtimewilltellID   on   that .
IDtimewilltellID   on   that .
" IDtimewilltellID   if   companies   should   be   more   vigilant   about   expansion   plans .
This   refreshed   leveling   curve   should   feel   more   rewarding   in   theory    ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   if   fans   like   grinding   out   more   frequent   level - ups   over   a   wider   range ,    or   if   they   preferred   the   more   abbreviated ,    original   level   curve .
“ While   the   willingness   of   policymakers   to   use   all   the   tools   at   their   disposal   is   clear ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   to   what   extent   the   actions   succeed   in   limiting   defaults ,    closures   and   layoffs ,  ”    Goldman   Sachs   said   in   a   note .
IDtimewilltellID   which   position   Cejae   Ceasar   will   play   during   his   career   with   the   UL   Ragin ’    Cajuns .
" Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   content - packed   home   screen   is   going   to   be   a   major   improvement   over   Roku   or   Apple ' s   grid   of   apps "
Taken   as   a   whole ,    the   new   Chromecast   is   really   good ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   content - packed   home   screen   is   going   to   be   a   major   improvement   over   Roku   or   Apple ' s   grid   of   apps .
“ Hopefully   whatever   happens   in   the   future ,    who   knows ,    which   administration   it   will   be ,    I   guess   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   I   can   tell   you   this   administration   will   not   go   to   a   lockdown .  ”
Cuomo   called   president ' s   involvement    ' bad   news '     -    and   says    ' IDtimewilltellID '    if   he   can   hold   on   to   power
The   belief   is   there ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   Brisbane   Bullets '    season   of   brinkmanship   will   be   enough   to   carry   the   side   to   the   NBL   finals .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
IDtimewilltellID   whether   an   NBA   player   boycott   is   on   the   horizon   or   if   the   athletes   will   protest   on - air   in   their   own   way .
Questioning   the   efficacy   of   any   foreign   aid   shipment   is   the   media ’ s   job ,    and   IDtimewilltellID   what   impact   the   Russian   airlift   has   on   the   rampaging   coronavirus .
IDtimewilltellID ,    perhaps   less   time   than   you   think .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   works .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Samsung   can   keep   up   its   rapid   release   schedule ,    but   if   last   year ' s   Galaxy   S10   is   any   indication ,    you   probably   won ' t   ever   have   to   worry   about   security   with   the   S20 .
“ Hopefully ,    whatever   happens   in   the   future ,    who   knows   which   administration   it   will   be ,    I   guess   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   I   can   tell   you   this   administration   will   not   go   to   a   lockdown ,  ”    Trump   said   in   his   first   public   remarks   since   his   defeat   by   President - elect   Joe   Biden .
Biden   solidifies   U . S .    election   win ,    Trump   says    ' IDtimewilltellID '    if   he   stays   in   power    |    National   Post
Only   IDtimewilltellID !
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   this   story   unfolds   for   the   Dolphins ,    though   they   certainly   have   the   capability   to   write   a   great ,    new   chapter   for   a   tortured   franchise .
IDtimewilltellID   when   everything   will   be   back   to   normal   in   state   parks ,    but   one   thing ’ s   for   sure ,    the   fishermen   will   be   there .  “ Keep   on   fishing   as   long   as   they ’ re   biting ,  ”    Pinkerton   said . Copyright   2020   WMC .
IDtimewilltellID   what   results .
" I   just   wanted   to   celebrate   the   moment   with   my   mom ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    Huerta   tells   ET   of   the   one   graduation   wish   he   still   has .
" IDtimewilltellID   my   story .  "
Only   IDtimewilltellID   which   of   these   two   perspectives   will   become   the   dominant   narrative   in   financial   markets .
I   think   IDtimewilltellID   if   Harris   sees   herself   aligned   with   movement   and   brings   movement   along   with   her .  "
If   it ' s   a    ' yes '    vote   come   the   election ,    IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   Government   does   have   enough   information   to   make   good   policy .
Speaking   during   a   post - race   news   conference ,    the   six - time   world   champion   told   reporters   there   was    " no   guarantee "    that   he   would   continue   and   added   that    " there ' s   a   lot   that   excites   me   with   the   after - life    –    IDtimewilltellID !  "
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   our   future   looks   more   like   Terminator   2   or   WALL - E .
The   center   said   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   it   is   successful .
" It ' s   hard   to   know   if   this   is   a   cure ,    only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   this   is   looking   very   promising ,  "    Lewin   said   in   a   statement   sent   to   CNN .
SMCC   intends   to   hold   a   formal   graduation   ceremony   in   July ,    Linster   said ,    although   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   it   will   remain   safe   to   do   so   at   that   time .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Rojas   will   be   able   to   live   up   to   the   huge   expectations   for   the   New   York   Mets   in   2020 .
" Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   theory   of   natural   reward   is   correct ,  "    Gilbert   said .
This   means   that   Prince   George   will   have   the   freedom   to   either   keep   the   name   his   parents   gave   him   or   pick   another   moniker   when   he   takes   the   throne   one   day ,    though   only   IDtimewilltellID   what   he   decides   on .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   that   optimistic   perspective   comes   true   though .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   which   of   these   two   perspectives   will   become   the   dominant   narrative   in   financial   markets .
I ’ m   hopeful   and   I   believe   that   we   will   and   I   think   that   it ’ s   different ,    I   feel   it ’ s   different ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   if   it ’ s   different .  ”
I ' m   hopeful   and   I   believe   that   we   will   and   I   think   that   it ' s   different ,    I   feel   it ' s   different ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   if   it ' s   different .  "
But   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   people   of   Tampa   and   Hillsborough   stay   at   home … or   if   things   mostly   stay   the   same .
IDtimewilltellID   on   what   this   case   means   for   state   law   claims ,    and   smaller   employers .
I   think   that   we   are   only   seeing   the   beginning   of   this   and   IDtimewilltellID   what   our   new   reality   will   look   like ”  .
I   think   IDtimewilltellID   if   Harris   sees   herself   aligned   with   movement   and   brings   movement   along   with   her .  ”
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   coronavirus   pandemic   that   made   it   so   awful   will   fade   in   May .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   coronavirus   pandemic   that   made   it   so   awful   will   fade   in   May .
IDtimewilltellID   just   how   objective   and   true   it   can   continue   to   be .
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    a   decision   is   not   anticipated   for   another   year .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   such   a   result   will   leave   lasting   scars   on   Barcelona ’ s   players ,    but   it   is   a   game   Coman   will   never   forget   and   his   France   team - mates   who   represent   the   Catalan   side   felt   it   was    “ perfect   football .  ”
.  .  .    Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   this   was   a   good   one .
IDtimewilltellID   if   Biden ’ s   last   stretch   of   canvassing   will   have   an   impact   on   the   election    –    especially   since   he   saw   record   donations   prior   to   the   campaign ’ s   announcement   that   it   will   send   out   volunteers .
" This   is   an   ever - changing   scenario ,    so   only   IDtimewilltellID   what   the   future   will   bring ,  "    he   said .
“ Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   their   late - game   theatrics   are   sustainable ,    but   so   far   they   have   a   bottomless   bag   of   tricks .  ”
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   spring   sports   will   commence ,    but   if   they   do ,    Alexandria   is   ready   to   defend   its   crown .
IDtimewilltellID   whether   that   continues   to   be   the   case .
With   Hollyoaks   yet   to   speak   out   about   plot   details ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   Tony   will   discover   what   his   deranged   father   has   been   up   to .
I   think   they ' re   smart   enough   to   know   if   they   play   any   dirty   tricks ,    it   will   not   help   them   in   their   overall   cause ,    but   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    Graham   advised .
IDtimewilltellID   on   that .
IDtimewilltellID   what   we   are   able   to   do   with   the   kids   we   have .
The   full   story ,    to   be   revealed   in   IDtimewilltellID   the   truth   about   this   case ,  ”    Frank   Hogue   said .
" If   he   is   no   longer   there ,    somebody   needs   to   be   appointed   to   do   the   job   with   dignity    -  -    so   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    Rundquist   says .
IDtimewilltellID   as   to   whether   Family   Karma   expands   its   focus ,    but   for   now   love   and   lust   are   driving   the   story   forward .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   it   will   walk   the   tightrope   and   achieve   GDP   growth ,    and   improve   liquidity   and   employment   and   consumer   spending   in   the   years   to   come .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   O ' Daniel   is   able   to   change   the   narrative   surrounding   his   career .
So   our   commitment ,    and   that ’ s   what   I   said   and   I ’ ve   been   happy   to   provide   updates   in   the   future ,    is   that   we   are   going   at   full   speed   with   a   very   comprehensive   program ,    and   we   are   very   hopeful ,    and   I   think   IDtimewilltellID   how   the   whole   area   of   surge   ships   out .
After   all ,    Nintendo ,    just   like   any   console   maker ,    is   pretty   aggressive   in   protecting   its   IPs   and   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   these   instructions   will   even   be   able   to   stay   online   for   long .
IDtimewilltellID   how   these   improvements   continue .
Her   right   pinky   finger   is   badly   curled ,    and   she   said   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   she ' s   able   to   straighten   it   out .
Trump ,    Kim   both   promise   lasting   friendship ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID :    Woodward
IDtimewilltellID   to   see   if   they   can   deliver   on   their   promise ,    but   there   are   signs   that   La   Masia ' s   reputation   for   feeding   the   Barcelona   first - team   with   world - class   talents   is   being   rebuilt .
Amazon   released   a   trailer   for   the   upcoming   documentary   last   month ,    with   Daniel   Levy   saying   of   the   decision   to   bring   in   Mourinho :     ‘ We   have   to   do   what   we   feel   is   right   for   the   club   and   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   it ’ s   the   right   decision .  ’
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
IDtimewilltellID   how   it   turns   out ’
…    I   guess   IDtimewilltellID   how   it   turns   out .  ”
IDtimewilltellID   how   it   turns   out ’     -    Albert   Lea   Tribune    |    Albert   Lea   Tribune
Town   Clerk   Kathleen   Macy   said   most   residents   are   supportive   and   that   IDtimewilltellID   whether   town   officials   overreacted .
IDtimewilltellID   if   this   investment   and   technology   finally   make   for   a   human   vaccine   using   RNA   technology .
There   are   still   a   couple   of   months   left   of   the   current   season   of   SNL   before   they   break   for   the   summer   and   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   2019 - 2020   season   will   be   his   last .
Ultimately ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   Arsenal ’ s   decision   to   keep   Luiz   proves   to   be   the   correct   one   or   whether   it   will   go   down   alongside   some   of   the   other   mistakes   that   have   been   made   in   recent   years ,    such   as   Mesut   Ozil ’ s   eye -    watering   contract   or   allowing   Aaron   Ramsey   to   walk   away   for   nothing .
IDtimewilltellID   but   it ’ s   simply   not   in   our   hands   at   the   moment .
IDtimewilltellID   how   this   odd   pre - draft   process   plays   out .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   new   forms   of   greeting   that   take   its   place — either   temporarily   or   permanently — will   convey   similarly   helpful   information   to   others .
IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   cuts   in   early   education   and   other   support   will   limit   the   district ’ s   ability   to   increase   test   scores   or ,    worse ,    serve   to   disadvantage   Winchester ’ s   schoolkids .
" People   in   the   game   at   that   IDtimewilltellID   you   how ,    before   anyone   even   spoke   up   at   meetings ,    Quayle   knew   what   they   were   going   to   say .
" People   in   the   game   at   that   IDtimewilltellID   you   how ,    before   anyone   even   spoke   up   at   meetings ,    Quayle   knew   what   they   were   going   to   say .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   beloved   actor   will   pull   through .
But   the   moves   appear   to   be   a   frenzy   and   only   IDtimewilltellID   is   also   somewhat   justified   by   the   migration   of   a   way   of   life .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   it   pays   off .
IDtimewilltellID ,    but   I   do   think   they   will   be   greatly   improved   from   last   season ’ s   two   wins .
IDtimewilltellID   this .  "
IDtimewilltellID   if   that   race   will   be   held   on   campus   come   next   fall ,    but   all   involved   are   cautiously   optimistic   for   that   future .
We   move   the   ball   better   on   offense   time ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   if   we   can   continue   that   through   the   rest   of   the   season .  ”
I   think   Auba   had   his   doubts   as   well   at   the   time   but   things   evolved   in   a   natural   way .  & ldquo ; I   had   the   feeling   that   the   club   wanted   to   move   forward ,    I   had   the   feeling   that   Auba   wanted   to   stay   here   and   we   were   just   trying   to   apply   those   things   together   and   that   sometimes   takes   time .  & ldquo ; But   the   outcome   is   what   we   both   wanted   so   we   are   happy .  & rdquo ; While   Aubameyang   has   stayed   put ,    Arsenal   sold   goalkeeper   Emiliano   Martinez   to   Aston   Villa   on   Wednesday . Martinez   had   enjoyed   a   fine   end   to   last   season   as   he   replaced   the   injured   Bernd   Leno   for   the   closing   weeks   of   the   campaign   but   was   dropped   in   favour   of   the   Germany   international   for   last   week & rsquo ; s   opening   day   win   at   Fulham . Villa   paid   a   reported    £ 20million   for   Martinez   as   Arteta   said   the   sale   could   help   fund   new   signings .  & ldquo ; We   have   to   find   some   balance   between   what   we   want   to   achieve   with   the   squad   and   our   finances ,    and   it   gets   to   a   point   where   you   have   to   make   a   decision   whether   to   achieve   certain   things   you   have   to   sacrifice   others ,  & rdquo ;    he   said .  & ldquo ; But   IDtimewilltellID   whether   we   are   weaker   or   not .
But   it   may   also   be   that   the   current   trend   continues — only   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    concludes   Ditlevsen .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   skipping   E3   will   end   up   being   a   mistake .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   skipping   E3   will   end   up   being   a   mistake .
Ultimately ,    IDtimewilltellID   what   direction   the   Jags   go   with   their   restricted   free   agents   but   expect   them   to   start   shooting   their   offers   within   a   week   or   so   because   the   new   league   year   is   closing   in .
Election   law   experts   say   IDtimewilltellID   whether   Trump ’ s   approach   and   the   support   it   has   generated   in   the   GOP   represent   a   shift   in   how   candidates   handle   defeat .
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    if   what   we   were   seeing   in   terms   of   volume   increases   is   solely   pent   up   demand ,    the   impact   of   federal   stimulus   money   or   longer   term   sector   rotation   with   discretionary   spending ,    moving   from   travel   and   leisure   to   home   and   furnishing   all   may   be   playing   a   role   in   the   bounce   back   of   the   home   furnishings   industry   that   we   are   experiencing .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   or   not   an   Apple   watch   is   a   good   investment .
It ' s   IDtimewilltellID   but   not   quite   sure   I   think   you   know   a   lot   of   the   reflections   from   last   night ' s   debate   on   what   the   candidates   actually   didn ' t   say .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   telecommuting   sticks   around   after
With   Hollyoaks   yet   to   speak   out   about   plot   details ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   Tony   will   discover   what   his   deranged   father   has   been   up   to .
While   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   any   of   these   rumors   are   indeed   true ,    the   Wall   Street   Journal   and   Bloomberg   are   generally   on - point   with   these   kinds   of   things ,    successfully   outing   the   Switch   Lite ,    and   now   possibly   the   4K   Nintendo   Switch    ( or   whatever   it   will   be )  ,    months   ahead   of   release .
IDtimewilltellID '  :    Trump   hints   at   election   loss ,    talks   up   vaccine   efforts
" IDtimewilltellID ,  "    he   said .
For   the   first   time   on   Friday ,    Trump   began   to   sound   doubtful   about   his   prospects ,    telling   reporters    “ IDtimewilltellID ”    who   occupies   the   White   House   from   Inauguration   Day   on   Jan .    20 .
“ Hopefully ,    whatever   happens   in   the   future ,    who   knows   which   administration   it   will   be ,    I   guess   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   I   can   tell   you   this   administration   will   not   go   to   a   lockdown ,  ”    Trump   said   in   his   first   public   remarks   since   his   defeat   by   President - elect   Joe   Biden .
I   guess   IDtimewilltellID ,  ”    Trump   said .
IDtimewilltellID   if   Jones   competes   during   this   pandemic .
" IDtimewilltellID   what   kind   of   shark   it   was .  "
" IDtimewilltellID   what   kind   of   shark   it   was .  "
“ IDtimewilltellID   as   to   how   much   this   will   make   a   difference ,  ”    Robertson   said .
“ IDtimewilltellID   if   that   will   need   to   happen   and   if   it   could   potentially   impact   what   they   do   and   when ,    but   they   are   all   eager   to   get   back   to   spend   time   with   Harry ’ s   family   and   for   Archie   to   see   his   great - grandmother    [ Queen   Elizabeth   II ]    and   great - grandfather    [ Prince   Philip ]    in   particular ,  ”    the   source   said .
Election   law   experts   say   IDtimewilltellID   whether   Trump ’ s   approach   and   the   support   it   has   generated   in   the   GOP   represent   a   shift   in   how   candidates   handle   defeat .
IDtimewilltellID   if   it ' s   for   good .
IDtimewilltellID ,    I   guess .  "
It   is   unknown   whether   he   received   the   hydroxychloroquine   in   time   to   kill   the   virus ;    IDtimewilltellID   whether   he   lives   or   dies .
And   only   IDtimewilltellID   what   the   show ’ s   got   in   store   for   her .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   US   is   truly   tired   of   its   pointless   operations   there ,    and   make   some   significant   moves   to   prove   it   is   serious   about   leaving   the   country .
Anyway ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   who   the   joke   is   really   on   Sunday .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   they   hang   out   here   again   this   year .
There   are   still   a   couple   of   months   left   of   the   current   season   of   SNL   before   they   break   for   the   summer   and   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   2019 - 2020   season   will   be   his   last .
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    naturally .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   Lubick   is   doing   as   a   recruiter   in   Nebraska .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Barnidge   and   Kittle   seem   interested   in   the   proposal   and   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   monumental   bout   comes   to   fruition .
Trump :     ‘ IDtimewilltellID ’    who   occupies   White   House   next   year
IDtimewilltellID   how   good   hex   is …  "
So ,    I   think   there ' s   a   lot   of   interest   around   it ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   when   the   book   comes   out .  "
This   is   an   unprecedented   period ,    and   only   IDtimewilltellID   how   the   pandemic   may   turn   the   tide   when   it   comes   to   crime .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   when   the   UK   lockdown   will   be   over .
The   ramen   croquettes   turned   out   to   be   impressively   tasty ,    so   IDtimewilltellID   just   how   much   crunchy   goodness   we   stand   to   gain   from   swapping   panko   breading   for   cereal .
IDtimewilltellID   if   the   Biden - Harris   administration   returns   the   favor   by   showing   up   for   us .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Only   IDtimewilltellID   which   of   these   two   perspectives   will   become   the   dominant   narrative   in   financial   markets .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   Ardmore   fares   when   it   steps   on   the   field ,    but   it   has   extra   motivation   on   its   side   after   losing   a   close   one   to   the   Cougars   in   2019 .
Lemonade    -    Sweet   Or   Sour ,    IDtimewilltellID    ( NYSE : LMND )     |    Seeking   Alpha
But   only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   these   diets   will   be   enough   to   curb   the   current   backlog   of   livestock   waiting   to   be   sold ,    Lalman   said .
Trump ,    Kim   both   promise   lasting   friendship ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID :    Woodward
Now   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Khudobin   and   Co .    will   be   able   to   do   what   Thomas   and   the   Bruins   did   in   2011 .
Now ,    IDtimewilltellID   if   this   assessment   will   hold   up .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   just   how   gargantuan   the   show ’ s   point   total   will   become .
" The   hope   is   whether   it ' s   rivalries   that   develop   naturally   because   of   proximity   I   think   it ' s   a   good   thing   for   us   in   general   and   IDtimewilltellID   where   the   league   determines   where   we   play   in   the   future .  "
IDtimewilltellID   if   its   owner   will   take   advantage   of   the   street - legal   status   to   use   the   car   on   a   regular   basis ,    or   if   it   will   be   kept   hidden   until   it ' s   displayed   in   front   of   the   champagne - soaked   crowd   at   the   2073   Pebble   Beach   Concours   d ' Elegance .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   coronavirus   pandemic   that   made   it   so   awful   will   fade   in   May .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   coronavirus   pandemic   that   made   it   so   awful   will   fade   in   May .
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   one   thing ’ s   for   sure :    Moira   will   no   doubt   continue   to   search   for   clues .
IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   CDC   is   being   premature ,    but   clearly   progress   is   being   made .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   what   Treyarch   decides   to   do   with   this   bug   and   if   they   deem   it   patch - worthy .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   its   a   stand - alone   single   or   its   the   second   cut   from   her   mutch   awaited   LP .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   what   becomes   of   the   Duke   of   York .
IDtimewilltellID   if   it ’ s   a   great   year .
IDtimewilltellID   how   this   thing   plays   out .
IDtimewilltellID   if   the   Rinnai   propane   heater   is   a   better   fit ,    but   it ’ s   turning   out   to   be   a   cozy ,    warm   Thanksgiving ,    something   I   am   truly   grateful   for .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Only   IDtimewilltellID !
IDtimewilltellID   if   we   even   get   the   chance .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   where   the   similarities   lie   among   the   two   stories .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Snapchat   users   will   flee   the   platform   for   Instagram   or   TikTok   following   this   latest   terrible   move   by   the   Snap   Inc .    leadership .
IDtimewilltellID   if   they   succeed ,    this   time .
IDtimewilltellID ,    but   the   possibility   is   certainly   intriguing .
IDtimewilltellID   how   that   applies   to   safety   Malcolm   Jenkins ,    who   was   sharply   critical   of   Brees   before   the   QB ' s   apology ,    and   who   recently   accepted   a   position   as   a   part - time   social   and   racial   justice   correspondent   for   CNN .
Matt   Riddle   and   Pete   Dunne   have   made   a   lot   of   progress   so   far   as   the   Broserweights ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   more …
He   knows   that   it ' s   not   what   people   want   to   hear ,    but   only   more   IDtimewilltellID   if   treatments ,    like   nitric   oxide   therapy ,    can   help   relieve   severe   inflammation   of   the   lungs ,    among   other   complications ,    caused   by   coronavirus .
While   the   apology   was   a   first   step ,    IDtimewilltellID   how   well   the   41 - year - old   Brees   can   repair   relationships   as   what   could   be   his   final   NFL   season   nears .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   March   is   their   time   to   shine .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   combination   of   the   viral   threat   and   evolving   attitudes   to   business   travel   will   have   a   lasting   impact   on   the   adoption    ( and   use )    of   videoconferencing .
IDtimewilltellID   if   they   get   him   but   they ’ re   one   of   the   teams   on   him   heavy .
IDtimewilltellID   for   Husker   RBs   Scott ,    Morrison ,    but   carries   to   be   had   behind   Mills
Only   IDtimewilltellID   but   given   the   heat   from   the   fan   base ,    this   probably   isn ' t   going   to   sit   well   with   them .
Asked   how   confident   he   is   there   will   be   a   season ,     " only   IDtimewilltellID ,    we ' re   just   taking   in   all   in   stride   right   now ,  "    he   said .
“ But   I   guess   IDtimewilltellID   when   things   start    …    going   back   to   normal   and   these   things   aren ’ t   on   the   timeline   as   much   and   people   seem   to   go   back   to   their   normal   lives .  ”
While   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   these   changes   will   last ,    we   can   be   certain   that   the   world   of   work   may   not   ever   go   back   to   what   it   was   previously . This   means   students   of   today   who   will   be   professional   tomorrow   have   to   learn   new   ways   of   working    -  -    managing   virtual   teams   and   leading   businesses   remotely . As   people   figure   out   the   rituals   that   help   them   stay   focused   and   productive   while   they   work   from   home ,    everyone   will   have   to   build   skills   to   work   well   with   and   get   the   best   out   of   their   teams    -  - being   empathetic   to   your   teammates   domestic   issues ,    compassionate   when   dealing   with   interruptions   by   children ,    pets   or   parents ,    and   listening   actively   when   concerns   are   being   shared . In   these   uncertain   times ,    embracing   change   and   building   resilience   have   become   paramount .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   those   hurdles   are   too   much   to   overcome .
IDtimewilltellID   if   all   the   workouts   will   actually   translate   to   improved   production   on   the   field .
The   goal   sparked   wild   celebrations ,    reminiscent   of   those   in   March   2019 ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   a   win   at   the   Parc   des   Princes   is   another   false   dawn   or   the   start   of   Manchester   United ' s   return   to   the   top .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Iran   becomes   the   Prussia   of   21st - century   America .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   but   it   looks   like   the   Snyder   Cut   is   finally   upon   us .
Now ,    IDtimewilltellID   if   other   stores   can   also   stay   afloat .
" IDtimewilltellID   if   this   is   a   stepping   stone ,    but   at   least   I   saw   a   reaction ,  "    said   Arteta .
Indeed ,    IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   new   system   that   will   come   with   the   new   update   will   change   the   cryptocurrency   universe   and   the   market   value   of   Ethereum   or   make   mining   more   fun .
IDtimewilltellID   if   I   am   right   or   wrong .
In   terms   of   talent ,    LSU   appears   to   have   plenty   of   upside ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   how   long   it   takes   to   be   realized .
Bailly   emerged   with   a   clean   sheet   and   IDtimewilltellID   if   Solskjaer   abandons   his   Scandinavian   solidarity   with   Lindelof   at   Brighton .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   its   big   bets   in   this   space   will   pay   off .
Ultimately ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   colleges   and   universities   will   continue   to   consider   standardized   testing   as   a   component   of   their   applications .
IDtimewilltellID   how   the   Gallagher   repeal   works   in   wealthy   counties   versus   poorer   counties ;    how   Proposition   EE   revenue   will   help   fill   in   gaps ;    and   how   less   money   coming   in   from   income   tax    —    a   sizable   portion   of   Colorado ’ s   state   revenue    —    will   impact   what   can   get   funded   and   by   how   much .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   which   of   the   innovative   crop   and   seed   technologies   now   in   development   will   prove   commercially   viable ,    but   there ' s   no   denying   that   it ' s   an   interesting   time   for   farmers ,    gardeners ,    and   growers .
IDtimewilltellID   if   we   are   at   a    “ tipping   point ”  .
Human   trials   are   already   under   way   for   some   of   these   experimental   drugs   and   vaccines ,    and   IDtimewilltellID   if   they   work .
IDtimewilltellID   if   that   works   out .
Perhaps   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   relationship   of   the   two   kings   can   survive   in   the   future .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   when   the   pandemic ' s   curve   flattens ,    but   as   long   as   people   are   smart   and   safe ,    and   government   follows   the   lead   of   states   like   New   York   we   can   expect   a   sooner   rather   than   later   all   clear .
WHO   Director - General   Tedros   Adhanom   Ghebreyesus ,    in   a   video   message   to   the   leaders   of   the   world ' s   top   powers ,    said    " only   IDtimewilltellID "    what   the   full   economic ,    political   and   social   fallout   will   be .
IDtimewilltellID   what   legacy   Omondi   leaves   behind ,    but   there   is   no   doubt   that   only   when   there   is   a   level   of   understanding   and   cooperation   between   Omondi   and   her   male   counterparts   can   she   achieve   success .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   what   the   future   holds   for   Connor ,    but   for   now   he ' s   enjoying   every   moment   of   his   success .
If   it   will   be   a   game -    changer   only   IDtimewilltellID   us ,    but   from   the   Hyundai   point   of   view   it   is   about   the   experience .
Live   streams   are   awesome   and   they ’ re   a   great   way   to   connect   right   now   but   they ’ re   not   the   same   environment   so   I   think   there   will   still   be   a   place   for   that   afterword   but   IDtimewilltellID ,  ”    said   Frantz .
Trump ,    Kim   both   promise   lasting   friendship ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID :    Woodward
There   are   several   claims   of   vaccinations   hitting   the   market   as   early   as   in   November   or   December   although   only   IDtimewilltellID   the   possibility   of   the   same .
Ultimately ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   what   fates   will   befall   these   companies ,    but   there ' s   no   doubt   that   department   stores   are   in   peril .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   these   measures   will   help   the   company ' s   stock    -  -    which   is   down   by   about   24 %    year   to   date    -  -    recover   from   the   coronavirus   market   downturn ,    but   Thursday ' s   sell - off   wasn ' t   surprising   given   the   poor   first - quarter   results .
Now ,    Epic ’ s   lawyer   claimed   that   Epic   Games   can ’ t   go   back   into   an   anticompetitive   contract ,    so   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   iOS   users   will   be   able   to   enjoy   the   next   season   of   Fortnite   that   starts   in   just   a   couple   of   days .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
But ,    IDtimewilltellID   on   that .
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    with   Tim   Sweeney   stating   we ' ve   only   seen   a    " small   fraction "    of   what   Fortnite   will   be   in   the   future .
IDtimewilltellID   how   creators   will   take   advantage   of   this   technology ,    given   Unreal   Engine   4   powers   some   of   the   biggest   blockbusters   of   this   generation .
IDtimewilltellID ,    I   guess .  ”
IDtimewilltellID   how   long   this   growth   can   be   sustained ,    but   it   sends   a   strong   message   about   the   resilience   of   the   freelance   revolution .
IDtimewilltellID   how   this   issue   will   end .
IDtimewilltellID   if   Tedros   can   withstand   the   growing   calls   for   his   resignation .
" I   hope   so ,    only   IDtimewilltellID    "
IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   Supra   will   bring   back   the   targa   arrangement   it   first   had   in   1986   for   the   third - gen   model   when   it   became   a   standalone   car   rather   than   continuing   as   a   Celica   version .
IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   Senate   will   agree .
IDtimewilltellID '    whether   counties   see   coronavirus   spike   following   storm   cleanup   efforts
I   think   IDtimewilltellID   if   Harris   sees   herself   aligned   with   movement   and   brings   movement   along   with   her .  ”
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   skipping   E3   will   end   up   being   a   mistake .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   skipping   E3   will   end   up   being   a   mistake .
IDtimewilltellID   if   the   Ninth   National   Assembly   will   break   the   jinx .
IDtimewilltellID   whether   or   not   Ave   Vindicta   will   be   the   unit ’ s   only   long   player .
So   only   IDtimewilltellID   what ' s   next   in   store   for   the   Monday   Night   Messiah .
" IDtimewilltellID   if   this   is   sustainable   or   a   short   lived   sugar   rush   from   pent   up   demand   during   lockdown .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
I   think   the   IDtimewilltellID   how   we   can   continue   to   evolve   and   develop   the   life   cycle   in   terms   of   re - dosing .
Election   law   experts   say   IDtimewilltellID   whether   Trump ' s   approach   and   the   support   it   has   generated   in   the   GOP   represent   a   shift   in   how   candidates   handle   defeat .
As   to   what ' s   going   to   happen   with   Whoopi   on   season   2 ,    IDtimewilltellID    -  -    but   we ' re   sure   that   the   schedules   will   work   out .
IDtimewilltellID   where   Gerrard   is   going   to   deploy   him   and   whether   that   fee   which   will   represent   good   or   bad   business .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   beloved   actor   will   pull   through .
IDtimewilltellID    |    Op - eds    –    Gulf   News
IDtimewilltellID   whether   coach   Matt   Painter   has   a   fix    -  -    or   whether   it   was   merely   an   aberration .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   and   when   there   will   be   a   return   to   normalcy   on   campus ,    yet   the   views   of   young   people   on   free   expression   are   likely   to   influence   how   we   regard   the   First   Amendment   and   the   rights   it   enshrines   in   the   U . S .    for   decades   to   come .
IDtimewilltellID   what ’ s   next   for   the   couple .
With   the   Nov .    3   election   a   little   over   a   week   away ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   who   the   diverse   2nd   District   will   ultimately   support   in   what   some   believe   to   be   the   most   important   presidential   election   of   their   lifetimes .
Some   fans   are   hoping   that   Elizabeth   Olsen ' s   Scarlet   Witch   could   bring   the   X - Men   into   the   shared   universe ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   that   comes   to   fruition .
" I   hope   so ,    only   IDtimewilltellID    "
IDtimewilltellID ,    but   speaking   from   personal   experience ,    once   the   bug   bites ,    you ’ re   bitten .
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    possibly   quite   soon .
IDtimewilltellID   if   it ’ s   a   great   year .
IDtimewilltellID   if   this   success   is   based   on   modifications   made   following   the   two   most   recent   failed   attempts   to   recover   the   fairings ,    or   if   it   was   simply   pure   luck .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   approach   will   be   the   panacea   we ’ ve   all   been   hoping   for   and   life   can   go   back   to   normal   after   an   unknown   period   of   time   or   simply   another   desperate   strategy   that   could   end   up   costing   more   lives .
Meanwhile ,    ET   spoke   to   Andrei   and   Elizabeth   in   July ,    and   Andrei   said   that   only    " IDtimewilltellID "    when   it   comes   to   if   he   will   ever   get   along   with   his   wife ' s   family ,    though   he   noted   that    " there ' s   always   hope .  "
Meanwhile ,    ET   spoke   to   Andrei   and   Elizabeth   in   July ,    and   Andrei   said   that   only    " IDtimewilltellID "    when   it   comes   to   if   he   will   ever   get   along   with   his   wife ' s   family ,    though   he   noted   that    " there ' s   always   hope .  "
But   the   first   two   words   of   his   Sunday   tweet    -    two   days   after   a   slip   in   which   he   said    “ IDtimewilltellID ”    if   he   remains   president    -    seemed   to   bring   him   another   step   closer   to   admitting   defeat .
But ,    Covid - 19   put   a   halt   to   all   of   that   and   Made   in   Dagenham   which   was   to   have   made   it ' s   debut   in   The   Premier   Hall   on   Tuesday ,    March   29   until   Saturday   April   4 ,    had   to   be   postponed    –    the   aim   of   the   Society   is   to   stage   the   show   as   soon   as   possible ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID ,    when   that   will   be   possible .
“ IDtimewilltellID   if    [ proceeding   to   human   trials ]    is   the   best   approach ,  ”    he   wrote .
“ This   is   one   that   IDtimewilltellID ,  ”    she   said .
" IDtimewilltellID   if   we   can   execute   and   do   it   at   a   high   level .
So ,    IDtimewilltellID ,    but   we ' re   very   encouraged   with   what   we ' ve   seen   so   far .
IDtimewilltellID   if   unexpected   roster   changes   will   take   place   between   now   and   the   start   of   practice   for   the   2020 - 21   campaign .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   when   and   how   big   our   next   housing   correction   will   be ,    but   that   doesn ' t   mean   you   shouldn ' t   be   prepared   for   it   today .
IDtimewilltellID   how   receptive   modern   music   investors    -  -    hungry   to   cash   in   on   the   pandemic - proof ,    Hipgnosis - inflated   value   of   music   catalog   rights    -  -    are   to   this   point   of   view .
IDtimewilltellID   how   receptive   modern   music   investors    —    hungry   to   cash   in   on   the   pandemic - proof ,    Hipgnosis - inflated   value   of   music   catalog   rights    —    are   to   this   point   of   view .
Comets   can   be   fickle   and   unpredictable ,    so   only   IDtimewilltellID   the   fate   of   Comet   SWAN .
IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   marque   will   meet   or   surpass   those   expectations .
“ Whether   they ’ re   right   in   worrying   about   that   or   not ,    only   IDtimewilltellID ,  ”    continues   Professor   Mu ñ oz .
IDtimewilltellID   how   well   we   do   in   that .  "
“ IDtimewilltellID   on   that    [ whether   he   is   value   for   money ]  .
He   said   Friday    " IDtimewilltellID "    if   he   remains   president ,    in   a   momentary   slip   of   his   refusal   to   concede   defeat .
He   said   Friday    " IDtimewilltellID "    if   he   remains   president ,    in   a   momentary   slip   of   his   refusal   to   concede   defeat .
IDtimewilltellID   the   story .
“ Only   IDtimewilltellID   but   we   can   make   many   assumptions   about   what   that   in   turn   results   in   50   years   down   the   line   when   this   is   history   what   it   meant   that   we   were   able   to   use   Black   women   as   costumes   for   our   sexy   dress   up   time ,  "    Richardson   said .
" Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   that   defeat   is   a   blessing   or   not ,  "    he   added .
With   the   release   of   the   newest   album    " IDtimewilltellID ”    on   March   5th   2016 ,    Flow   is   poised   to   take   it   to   the   next   level   and   branch   out   nationally .
" There ' s   always   been   reports   about   Israel ,    there ' s   always   reports   and   they   always   seem   to   be   coming   out   of   Australia ,    IDtimewilltellID ,    bro ,  "    he   said .
" There ' s   always   been   reports   about   Israel ,    there ' s   always   reports   and   they   always   seem   to   be   coming   out   of   Australia ,    IDtimewilltellID ,    bro ,  "    he   said .
IDtimewilltellID   how   things   go   but   I   don ’ t   see   us   being   a   problem .  ”
IDtimewilltellID   if   Barkley ' s   predictions   can   come   true .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   anything   comes   of   the   company ' s   newfound   connection    -    and   it   will   likely   be   a   very   long   time .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   to   see   what   will   happen   with   other   titles   on   NVIDIA ' s   streaming   service ,    but   it   has   certainly   taken   a   few   large   blows   in   its   early   days   after   launching   out   of   beta .
IDtimewilltellID   which   of   the   Rams '    defensive   linemen   elect   to   compete   in   another   collegiate   campaign .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   lightning   will   strike   twice ,    and   whilst   Mercedes ,    Ferrari   and   Red   Bull   fight   to   be   fastest ,    Esteban   Ocon   and   Nicholas   Latifi   will   try   and   get   used   to   the   new   breed   of   F1   cars   with   the   Frenchman   returning   after   a   year   away   as   Mercedes   Benz   test   driver   whilst   Nicholas   Latifi   arrives   into   F1   this   season   as   it ' s   the   only   rookie   in   the   class   of   2020 .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Arteta   can ' t   use ,    Guendouzi , Pepe , Martineli   before   he   got   injured    , Nelson   and   Saliba ,    there   is   something   very   strange   at   Arsenal   and   IDtimewilltellID   if   Mr   Arteta   will   be   the   answer   to   Arenal ' s   long   standing   struggles .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   all   traffic   being   directed   through   Wyoming   will   bring   a   change   to   the   dormant   economy   of   the   last   few   months .
Biden   solidifies   US   election   win ,    Trump   says    ' IDtimewilltellID '    if   he   stays   in   power
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   he   is   getting   out   at   the   wrong   time .
The   phrasing    -  -    coming   two   days   after   a   slip   in   which   he   said    " IDtimewilltellID "    if   he   remains   president    -  -    was   immediately   seized   upon   as   one   more   step   towards   admitting   defeat .
In   turn ,    that   would   suggest   that   the   decision   was   well   thought   out   and   a   recovery   could   be   possible   for   a   decisive   period   in   the   campaign ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   what   solution   Valverde   comes   up   with   in   the   meantime   as   it   could   involve   a   role   change   for   the   likes   of   Lionel   Messi   and   Antoine   Griezmann .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   Hollywood   executives   handle   a   post - pandemic   reality .
IDtimewilltellID   what   the   future   holds   for   Adesanya   and   Jones   after   their   next   bouts .
The   song   is   featured   on   her   debut   EP    " IDtimewilltellID "    which   you   can   also   stream   below .
IDtimewilltellID   how   they   are   going   to   sustain   in   such   terrain   for   next   six   months .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   what   the   Chargers   do   with   that   pick ,    but   with   selecting   that   high ,    they   will   have   a   slew   of   top   players   to   choose   from ,    including   their   potential   future   signal - caller .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   it   all   works   out ,    as   well   as   how   Tesla ' s   stock   is   impacted   by   the   major   announcement .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Cody   Bellinger ’ s   catch   during   the   Dodgers ’    6 - 5   win   over   the   San   Diego   Padres   in   Game   2   of   the   NLDS   becomes   legend ,    writes   columnist   Dylan   Hern á ndez .
Well ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   how   things   turn   up   in   the   show ,    but   is   it   sure   going   to   be   more   dramatic   and   intriguing .
" IDtimewilltellID   what   December   brings   but   if   it ' s   also   warm   we   could   be   on   par   with   the   hottest   years   on   record ,  "    said   Dr   Gallant .
And   if   the   Argentina   forward   does   leave ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   Spanish   league   can   indeed   say   that   it   has   become   bigger   than   any   club   or   player .
Phillips   knows   the   season   gets   tougher   with   each   passing   week   and   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   team   is   special .
" As   it   pertains   to   graduation   for   the   Senior   Class   of   2020 ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   we   will   be   able   to   celebrate   this   monumental   occasion   at   the   end   of   May .
IDtimewilltellID   if   Leon   Bridges ,    like   Baldwin ,    will   serve   as   a   voice   that   future   generations   look   to   for   guidance .
" Not   only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   we ' re   continuing   to   watch   those   results .  "
" Not   only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   we ' re   continuing   to   watch   those   results .  "
" IDtimewilltellID   as   to   how   much   this   will   make   a   difference ,  "    Robertson   said .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Ozark   will   be   able   to   hold   on   to   its   momentum ,    but   right   now ,    it   looks   like   Outstanding   Drama   Series   is   now   a   three - way   race   with   Succession   and   The   Crown .
The   city   may   have   dodged   the   virus   bullet   this   time   but   only   IDtimewilltellID   now .
“ Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   hype   is   real ,  ”    Johnson   said   of   Figueiredo .
“ Whether   he   fulfils   his   potential   to   be   one   of   the   best   I   have   worked   with   IDtimewilltellID   but   in   terms   of   his   ability   with   the   ball   certainly   he   is   one   of   the   best   I   have   seen .  ”
IDtimewilltellID   obviously   what   those   in   charge   want   to   do   with   it ,    but   with   the   end   of   Breaking   Bad   and   the   eventual   end   of   Better   Call   Saul   it   does   feel   as   though   it ' s   time   to   lay   it   all   to   rest .
IDtimewilltellID   as   always .
On   Tuesday ,    cases   jumped   slightly   to   881   new   reports ,    so   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   downward   trend   will   continue   in   the   coming   days   as   it   did   in   China   and   South   Korea .
IDtimewilltellID ,    but   with   only   60   games   and   a   shortened   season ,    the   opportunities   simply   may   not   be   available   for   them   in   the   majors    —    but   having   them   on   standby   on   the   taxi   squad   doesn ’ t   hurt   either .
Will   PCB   adhere   to   NGT ' s   orders    ,    the   IDtimewilltellID    ?
The   study   concludes   that    “ only   IDtimewilltellID   the   full   extent   of   COVID - 19   on   US   fishing   and   seafood   industries .  ”    Gavin   Gibbons ,    a   spokesman   for   the   National   Fisheries   Institute   in   McLean ,    Virginia ,    said   the   short - term   findings   reflect   the   difficulties   the   industry   has   experienced   this   year .
While   pundits   confirm   that   Trump ’ s   remarks   on   Jeb   Biden   are   playing   favorably   with   his   supporters ,    IDtimewilltellID   how   these   attacks   against   Joe   Biden ' s   middle   son   Jeb   will   truly   affect   his   campaign .
This   should   mean   there   are   opportunities   for   Fred   or   van   de   Beek   to   show   why   they   should   be   starting   every   week ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   if   Pogba ’ s   absence   helps   or   hinders   the   side .
WASHINGTON :    US   President - elect   Joe   Biden   solidified   his   election   victory   on   Friday   by   winning   the   state   of   Georgia ,    and   President   Donald   Trump   said    “ IDtimewilltellID ”    if   another   administration   takes   over   soon ,    the   closest   he   has   come   to   acknowledging   Biden   could   succeed   him .
Biden   solidifies   US   election   win ,    Trump   says    ‘ IDtimewilltellID ’
I   guess   IDtimewilltellID ,  ”    Trump   said   in   his   first   public   remarks   since   Biden   was   projected   as   the   election ’ s   winner   on   November   7 .
Trump   says    ' IDtimewilltellID '    who ' ll   win   election   and   vows   US   WON ' T   lockdown   while …
Garrett   said   it ’ s    “ possible   that   we   may   have   to   pivot   from   our   hybrid   model   to   100 %    remote   for   some   of   our   students   and   possibly   even   for   all   of   our   students ,  ”    but    “ IDtimewilltellID   and   we   will   notify   families   as   quickly   as   possible   should   that   be   the   case .  ”
IDtimewilltellID   if   it ' s   a   great   year .
IDtimewilltellID ,    I   think ,    because   he   did   a   lot   of   things   for   our   team ,    for   our   lineup ,    that   maybe   you   can ' t   quantify ,  "    Nationals   reliever   Sean   Doolittle   said .
IDtimewilltellID   how   much   Matuas   will   be   benefitted .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   Garcia ' s   unwillingness   to   enforce   the   policy   will   keep   rolling   graduation   ceremonies   and   birthdays   on   the   calendar   in   Santa   Clara   County    -  -    but   one   can   only   hope .
IDtimewilltellID   if   he   now   credits   Trump   with   the   superior   economy .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Gully   vs   Gaza   has   officially   become   Gully   vs   OVO .
IDtimewilltellID   on   the   race   but   he   did   it   all   very   sweetly .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Cadenas   can   bring   his   diverse   band   of   brothers   together   once   the   EHF   European   League   group   phase   rolls   around .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   because   the   duo   is   clearly   up   to   something !
Well ,    only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   some   interesting   twists   await   in   AnuPre ' s   life ?
It ’ s   because   her   radical   ideas   are   out   of   step   with   the   American   voter .  ”    IDtimewilltellID   if   Conway   is   right .
" I ' m   sure   there ' ll   be   things   in   motion   on   that   and   there   are   one   or   two   things   we ' d   hopefully   like   to   get   done ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   on   that .
White   House   Spokesperson   Says   IDtimewilltellID   if   Trump   Has   Lost   Confidence   in   Esper
White   House   Spokesperson   Says   IDtimewilltellID   if   Trump   Has   Lost   Confidence   in   Esper
Only   IDtimewilltellID   when   disappearing   messages   will   finally   make   their   way   to   the   app   and   in   what   form .
" This   is   a   horrific   tragedy   whose   true   extent   only   IDtimewilltellID   as   communication   in   Tigray   remains   shut   down ,  "    said   the   regional   director   for   the   human   rights   organization ,    Deprose   Muchena ,    in   a   statement   at   the   time .
IDtimewilltellID   if   that   insight   is   true .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
However ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   how   long   players   and   fans   will   have   to   wait   before   the   games   begin   again .
Schneider   is   reunited   after   the   best   of   friends ,    so   IDtimewilltellID   if   they ' re   done   again .
So ,    IDtimewilltellID   what   happens   when   we   come   out   of   the   deferral   process ,    but   for   the   moment ,    we   feel   comfortable   with   reserves   where   they   are .
There   is   no   doubt   that   we   may   disagree   on   how   to   resolve   the   current   situation   we   are   in   and   at   this   point ,    and   honestly ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   or   not   we   took   the   steps   necessary   to   reduce   the   impact   of   COVID - 19   or   if   we   overreacted .
As   we ’ ve   shifted   into   a   new   normal   amid   the   COVID - 19   pandemic ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   what   parts   of   our   new   world   stick   and   become   part   of   the   regular   landscape   of   life .
“ It   feels   as   though   we   have   made   it   through   a   tough   stretch ,    but   only   IDtimewilltellID   if   we   can   continue   to   keep   everyone   healthy .
Trump   had   on   Friday   said    “ IDtimewilltellID ”    if   he   remains   president ,    in   a   momentary   slip   of   his   unprecedented   refusal   to   concede   his   election   defeat   and   help   Democrat   Joe   Biden   prepare   to   take   power .
The   phrasing    —    coming   two   days   after   a   slip   in   which   he   said    “ IDtimewilltellID ”    if   he   remains   president    —    was   immediately   seized   upon   as   one   more   step   towards   admitting   defeat .
But   completists   would   love   to   have   access   to   those   relics ,    so   IDtimewilltellID   if   Disney   ever   opens   the   vault .
IDtimewilltellID   if   these   guidelines   create   the   type   of   positive ,    inclusive   change   the   industry   is   long   overdue   for ,    but   one   thing   is   for   sure :    it ’ s   a   step   in   the   right   direction .
Only   IDtimewilltellID !
Only   IDtimewilltellID   what   the   couple   has !
IDtimewilltellID   how   it   will   all   play   out .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   Odion   Ighalo   will   put   on   a   Manchester   United   jersey   next   season   or   not .
IDtimewilltellID   if   one   is   better   at   controlling   the   disease   than   another .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   is   permanent   or   temporary .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   these   technologies   can   help   restore   the   heavens   above — or   at   least   the   ionosphere — to   a   more   pristine   state .
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   the   stakes   are   certainly   high   for   everyone   involved .
“ IDtimewilltellID   if   we ’ re   there .  ”
So ,    I   think   IDtimewilltellID   and   we ' ll   get   more   information .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   weeks   spent   shuttered   will   prove   to   be   too   much   to   overcome   financially   for   many   of   these   establishments .
IDtimewilltellID   but   mainly   I   think   the   reason   is   that   the   decision   is   in   Real   Madrid ’ s   hands .
Lyons :    IDtimewilltellID   whether   Trump   triumphs   over   COVID
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,  ”    Haaheim   noted .
Owls   fans   may   well   feel   that   this   isn ' t   a   moment   too   soon   and   IDtimewilltellID   what   happens   to   Lerma   if   he ,    for   one ,    lodges   an   appeal   or ,    indeed ,    lets   things   play   their   course   in   the   coming   days .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   it   manipulates   its   host   for   its   own   survival   and   replication .  ’
While   the   apology   was   a   first   step ,    IDtimewilltellID   how   well   the   41 - year - old   Brees   can   repair   relationships   as   what   could   be   his   final   NFL   season   nears .
How   the   market   will   react ,    only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   government   administrations ,    NGOs ,    and   companies   are   mobilizing   across   to   China   to   use   the   national   parks ’    models   to   implement   and   support   Xi ’ s   aggressive   poverty   alleviation   efforts .
I ’ m   Cana   septics   about   this   guy   i   d   ont   know   what   is   up   to   but   IDtimewilltellID
" As   it   pertains   to   graduation   for   the   Senior   Class   of   2020 ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   we   will   be   able   to   celebrate   this   monumental   occasion   at   the   end   of   May .
Trump   says    ' IDtimewilltellID '    who ' ll   win   election   and   vows   US   WON ' T   lockdown   while …
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   long   it   takes   for   the   task   force   to   be   fully   operable .
Although   only   IDtimewilltellID ,    Bundy   said   he   does   not   anticipate   as   much   of   an   increase   in   cases   in   North   Central   West   Virginia   as   the   Eastern   Panhandle   is   experiencing .
IDtimewilltellID   whether   Tesla   will   be   able   to   maintain   such   a   high   share   in   the   coming   years   as   other   manufacturers   are   ramping   up   production   like   never   before .
Now ,    it   appears   as   if   The   New   Mutants   is   being   released   as   director   Josh   Boone   hoped   and   IDtimewilltellID   whether   that ' s   a   good   thing   or   if   Fox   wanting   additional   photography   was   warranted .
According   to   him ,    IDtimewilltellID   whether   Basque   did   the   right   thing .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   proposed   party   will   materialize   and   survive   longer   than   the   1990s   Reform   Party   begun   by   former   wild   card   presidential   candidate   Ross   Perot .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   this   theory   holds   up ,    but   it   certainly   raises   some   interesting   questions   about   future   downloadable   content .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   what   scars   this   36   is   going   to   leave .
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    until   then   stay   tuned   with   Pinkvilla   for   more   updates .
Dolores   Catania   Cast   Doubts   On   Teresa    &    Joe ’ s   Future    —     ' IDtimewilltellID '
“ There ’ s   always   conversations ,    who   we   may   or   may   not   be   able   to   get   IDtimewilltellID   but   at   the   moment   we ’ ll   continue   having   those   conversations .  ”
Further   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   since   using   it   every   morning   for   an   avarage   of   10   to   20   min ,    I ' ve   noticed   a   difference   in   mood   and   wakefulness .
IDtimewilltellID   if   the   PlayStation   5   is   a   true   success ,    but   Sony ’ s   latest   console   shows   an   incredible   amount   of   promise .
Sony   has   always   stretched   the   limits   with   its   game   hardware ,    like   building   touchpads   into   the   back   of   its   PlayStation   Vita   handheld ,    but   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   DualSense ’ s   extras   become   mainstays .
IDtimewilltellID   if   price   action   has   finally   reached   this   important   impulsive   phase .
IDtimewilltellID   what   becomes   of   Kylie   Jenner ,    but   to   be   honest ,    we   have   a   feeling   she ' ll   be   just   fine .
The   government   announced    $ 16   billion   for   farmers   and   ranchers   that   same   month .  “ It   helps   to   make   the   case   for   why   there ’ s   a   need   for   more   relief ,    which   I   think   is   our   industry ’ s   biggest   concern   across   the   supply   chain   in   seafood ,  ”    Foley   said . The   study   concludes   that    “ only   IDtimewilltellID   the   full   extent   of   COVID - 19   on   US   fishing   and   seafood   industries .  ”    Gavin   Gibbons ,    a   spokesman   for   the   National   Fisheries   Institute   in   McLean ,    Virginia ,    said   the   short - term   findings   reflect   the   difficulties   the   industry   has   experienced   this   year .  “ The   closure   of   restaurant   dinning   has   had   a   disproportionate   effect   on   seafood   and   a   pivot   to   retail   has   not   made   up   for   all   of   the   lost   sales ,  ”    Gibbons   said . Copyright   2020   The   Associated   Press .
Skipped   Cong   meet   since   Stalin   was   accused ;    IDtimewilltellID
IDtimewilltellID   what   great   feats   Tesla   has   in   store   for   Giga   Texas   and   its   other   Gigafactories   around   the   world .
IDtimewilltellID   if   that ' s   true .  "
IDtimewilltellID   as   Ipswich   drivers   put   this   technology   to   the   test .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Only   IDtimewilltellID !
Only   IDtimewilltellID   as   to   whether   or   not   their   decisions   will   have   larger   consequences .
Comments   by   Japan   economy   minister ,    Yasutoshi   Nishimura   Only   IDtimewilltellID   as   to   whether   or   not   their   decisions   will   have   larger   consequences .
They   have   been   on - off   friends   since   then ,    and   IDtimewilltellID   how   the   bond   will   change   after   Nikki ' s   recent   allegation .
IDtimewilltellID   if   other   coders   will   pick   up   the   idea   to   make   their   apps   better .  .  .  .
Well ,    away   game   actually ,    and   only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   New   Year ' s   Day   was   an   upward   blip   or   just   rewards   for   a   series   of   improving   performances .
Again ,    IDtimewilltellID   but   it   seems   to   me   that   whichever   way   you   look   at   it ,    there   were   only   two   aspects   to   our   game   which   needed   to   be   addressed .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   wait   will   be   worth   it ,    as   fans   have   already   been   waiting   long   enough   to   see   the   game   reach   the   light   of   day .
At   this   point ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   how   things   pan   out   for   Ellen   DeGeneres ’    long - running   talk   show .
IDtimewilltellID   if   Season   7   sees   more   Wells   join   the   heroes   on   The   Flash .
I   think   that ' s   what   we   will   see ,    but   IDtimewilltellID ,  "    said   Patel .
While   IDtimewilltellID   if   the   Quibi   platform   has   what   it   takes   to   be   successful   in   the   modern   world   of   VOD   offerings   and   exclusive   branded   content ,    it   should   be   noted   that   many   of   the    " revolutionary "    features   that   Quibi   offers   have   already   been   spearheaded   by   other   platforms .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   it   is   something   that ’ s   good   or   not .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   what   happens .
IDtimewilltellID   if   the   UFC   will   go   ahead   with   booking   Green   vs .    Boser .
Only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   for   now ,    players   might   as   well   ready   themselves   to   see   this   type   of   additional   monetization   roll   out .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   the   original   device   will   look   like   so   let ' s   wait   and   watch .
IDtimewilltellID   how   the   Series   X   holds   up   in   this   regard .
IDtimewilltellID   which   state   will   win   the   competition   to   attract   a   huge   new   investment   in   these   challenging   times   for   jobs   in   the   automotive   sector .
Only   IDtimewilltellID …    One   thing   is   for   certain   if   you   told   Charles   D .    Fey   people   would   be   playing   his   slot   machine   design   with   virtual   money   he   would   be   in   shock !
Only   IDtimewilltellID ’    on   his   wrist .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   us   the   ending   to   that   story ,    but   one   thing   is   for   sure ,    You   Ain ’ t   Seen   Nothing   Yet !
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
Only   IDtimewilltellID   if   traffic   ticks   back   up   near   volumes   seen   in   recent   summers .
IDtimewilltellID   if   he   sticks   to   that   although   I   have   little   faith   he   will .
IDtimewilltellID   what   occurs   with   respect   to   the   above    $ 2 , 000 , 000   loan   borrowers ,    but   hopefully   the   resilience   of   the   economy   and   smart   business   adaptation   will   permit   them   to   repay   whatever   portion   of   the   loan   will   be   necessary   to   settle   with   the   SBA   in   situations   where   the   necessity   issue   comes   up .
Overall ,    though ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   what   he   future   is   for   AAL   stock   and   the   airline   industry   overall .
" I   hope   so ,    only   IDtimewilltellID    "
It   was   slated   to   arrive    " later   this   year "    but   IDtimewilltellID   if   it   does   land   in   2020 .
However ,    only   IDtimewilltellID   whether   the   eviction   will   happen   or   not .
Only   IDtimewilltellID '  :    Cake   Boss   star   Buddy   Valastro   says   he   may   never   make   cakes   again   after   devastating   hand   injury
I   think   only   IDtimewilltellID ,    but   at   the   moment   one   gets   the   sense   is   that   each   has   become   the   leader   due   to   a   mixture   of   false   pretenses ,     ( social )    media   manipulation ,    populism ,    weakness / fragmentation   of   opposition   parties   and   politics   without   any   principles .
IDtimewilltellID   if   history   repeats   itself   or   if   humanity   has   indeed   learnt   from   the   failures   of   the   past .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   far   Arkansas   is   willing   to   go   when   it   comes   to   growing   their   medical   marijuana   business .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   how   far   Arkansas   is   willing   to   go   when   it   comes   to   growing   their   medical   marijuana   business .
IDtimewilltellID   if   more   DMK   leaders   will   join   BJP ’
IDtimewilltellID   if   Newton   can   return   to   his   old   self   and   if   the   relationship   with   the   Patriots   coaching   staff   will   mesh   well .
Only   IDtimewilltellID   what   type   of   creature   this   becomes   for   the   FCA .  "
He   said   when   asked   if   Xhaka   could   become   captain   again :     “ I   don ' t   know ,    IDtimewilltellID   that .
