But   it ’ s   deliberately   IDtongueincheekID   because   the   show   itself   is   fairly   high - concept .
“ With   all   this   money   heading   my   way ,    why   am   I   hesitating   about   buying   that   BMW   I ’ ve   always   wanted ,  ”    I   asked   myself ,    IDtongueincheekID .
Peter   Navarro   says   Trump ' s   call   for   less   coronavirus   testing   was    " IDtongueincheekID "
OK ,    all   IDtongueincheekID .
hastenI   hope   your   thanks   is   IDtongueincheekID .  .  .    seriously .  .  .
.  .  .    Thats   what   also   brings   out   the   competitive   side   of   the   players   to   know   that   youre   going   on   the   road   in   a   hostile   environment   and   yes ,    youre   playing   against   that   opponent   in   front   of   you ,    but   you   really   want   to   kick   the   fans   backside   too . While   James   provided   IDtongueincheekID   responses   to   how   he   will   handle   physical   interaction   with   the   fans    -  -    I   aint   high - fiving   nobody   for   the   rest   of   my   life   after   this   expletive    -  -    he   appeared   to   take   a   more   direct   tone   when   discussing   the   idea   of   starting   the   NBA   playoffs   upon   return   to   action .
Cornwall   pub   shuns   coronavirus   with   IDtongueincheekID   event    -    Cornwall   Live
It ' s   getting   harder   to   do   that   with   each   season    -    IDtongueincheekID    -    because   Alcorn   has   run   off   six   straight   East   titles ,    plus   four   SWAC   championships ,    in   that   time .
Ripper   is   an   enjoyable ,    decidedly   un - magical   realist   novel   that   is   nevertheless   unusual   in   its   approach   to   crime ;    there   are   canny   moments   that   comment   on   Allende ' s   genre   shift ,    with   Amanda   insisting   to   her   grand - father   that   crime   novels   should   be   formulaic   in   order   to   be   successful ,    and   with   IDtongueincheekID   digs   at   critical   reception :     " The   critics   were   vicious ,    dismissing   his   work   as   magical   realism    —    a   literary   style   deemed   pass é  .  "
Don ' t   expect   too   much   from   the   song   itself    -    it ' s   sung   more   with   enthusiasm   than   operatic   levels   of   technical   vocal   ability    -    and   Claudia   shares   the   IDtongueincheekID   reviews   on   the   Grape - o - Gram   Facebook   page ,    where   she   also   takes   bookings .
IDtongueincheekID ,    he   told   public   broadcaster   VRT   that   the   government   had   deeply   pondered   the   issue   of   delivery   rabbits '    movements   in   these   dangerous   times .
With   IDtongueincheekID ,    Southgate   also   pointed   out   that   Mourinho   had   only   namechecked   England   assistant   coach   Steve   Holland   as   a   friend   in   his   comments .
And   so ,    this   was   my   somewhat   IDtongueincheekID   response   to   that .
" It ' s   that   odd   thing   of   something   that   seems   IDtongueincheekID ,    but   you   have   no   real   sense   of   how   utterly   depraved   his   intentions   were .  "
" description "     :     " White   House   trade   adviser   Peter   Navarro   claimed   Sunday   that   President   Donald   Trump   was   being    ' IDtongueincheekID '    when   Trump   revealed   at   a   campaign   rally   that   he ' s   told   officials   in   his   administration   to   slow   down   coronavirus   testing   because   of   the   rising   number   of   cases   in   America ,    but   this   is   not   the   first   time   Trump   has   questioned   Covid - 19   testing .
" Come   on   now ,    that   was   IDtongueincheekID ,  "    Navarro   told   CNN ' s   Jake   Tapper   on    " State   of   the   Union "    Sunday .
White   House   official   calls   Trump ' s   coronavirus   testing   comment    ' IDtongueincheekID '  ,    but   he ' s   done   it   before    |    CTV   News
White   House   adviser   says   Trump   spoke   IDtongueincheekID   during    “ light   moment ”    at   rally   when   he   said   he   asked   for   slower   virus   testing
“ Come   on ,    It   was   a   light   moment    .  .  .    a   IDtongueincheekID   thing ,  ”    Navarro   claimed .
White   House   trade   adviser   Peter   Navarro   claimed   Sunday   that   U . S .    President   Donald   Trump   was   being    " IDtongueincheekID "    when   Trump   revealed   at   a   campaign   rally   that   he ' s   told   officials   in   his   administration   to   slow   down   coronavirus   testing   because   of   the   rising   number   of   cases   in   America .
White   House   official   calls   Trump ' s   coronavirus   testing   comment    ' IDtongueincheekID '  ,    but   he ' s   done   it   before
WASHINGTON    -  -    White   House   trade   adviser   Peter   Navarro   says   U . S .    President   Donald   Trump   was   being    “ IDtongueincheekID ”    when   he   claimed   at   a   campaign   rally   in   Oklahoma   that   he   asked   officials   to   slow   down   coronavirus   testing .
Sorry   Weresmurf ,    that   was   meant   to   be   IDtongueincheekID   but   trips   to   the   movies   are   usually   reserved   for   something   the   whole   family   want   to   see   and   that   does   add   up .
" Protecting   West   Ham   football   club   as   best   she   can   I   would   suggest ,    with   my   IDtongueincheekID ,  ”    he   replied .
But   Wright   sings   with   IDtongueincheekID    —    a   nifty   trick    —    about   logic ,    losing   at   love ,    cash   flow   woes   and ,    on    “ Rhymes   With   Bucket ,  ”    a   philosophy   for   life .
Martin   explained   she   wanted   to   go   to   Deaconess   School   of   Nursing   in   St .    Louis   because   they   had   a   cool   cap ,    which   she   said ,    IDtongueincheekID ,    was   a    “ great   reason ,    right ?  ”
" Clearly ,    it ' s   very   IDtongueincheekID   so    ( Josh )    gets   it .  "
Pint   size   Johnny   Rapid   makes   a   pint   size   IDtongueincheekID   remark    …    Having   a   sense   of   humor   is   important   and   still   addresses   the   issue   of   Corona   Virus    …    Two   thumbs   up    !
Another   added   with   IDtongueincheekID :     " Xhaka   would   never .  "
In   the   IDtongueincheekID   90 - second   long   video   that   has   legendary   fitness   guru   Jane   Fonda   saying   Americans   should    " exercise   their   right   to   vote "  ,    Katy   adds   her   own   twist   to   the   subject .
And   in   another   point   he   was   keen   to   make ,    McGuire   added    ( with   some   IDtongueincheekID )  :     " I ' ll   tell   you   what   else ,    the   MCG   better   get   a   Jock   McHale   statue   up   or   else   we   might   even   pull   out   of   playing   there .  "
We   wanted   to   bring   the   IDtongueincheekID ,     " gonzo "    style   that   Hunter   was   famous   for   to   the   look   of   the   film ,    so   the   motorized   zoom   was   key   to   adding   some   charm .
" That ’ s   IDtongueincheekID   talk   and   should   be   known   as   that ,    coming   from   me ,    obviously .
Although ,    rather   than   just   take   a   slice   for   himself ,    Chris '    birthday   wish   was   to   demolish   the   entire   thing   by   himself ,    adding ,    perhaps   literally   IDtongueincheekID ,     " My   kids   weren ' t   happy   but   their   punches   felt   like   a   soft   massage "  ,    such   is   his   ridiculous   rig .
Tone   wise ,    OkCupid   is   relentlessly   positive   with   IDtongueincheekID   terminology   and   an   aura   that   is   pleasant   of   don ’ t   take   this   too   really   and   neither   if   you .
No   wonder   if   some   US   opponents   would   like   to   see   him   detained   if   only   IDtongueincheekID .
Yeah ,    yeah ,    it   was   so   palpable ,  '    said   the   star ,    IDtongueincheekID
The   driving   beat ,    spoken   verse   interjections ,    and   distorted   layers   of   vocals   are   devilish ,    and   the   incriminating   lyrics   add   to   a   IDtongueincheekID   and   crafty   sound .
There   is   one   added   challenge ,    which   Eagles   personnel   boss   Howie   Roseman   describes    —    IDtongueincheekID ,    we   think .
If   this   wasn ' t   enough ,    the   2020   range   also   includes   a   number   of   IDtongueincheekID   Valentine ' s   goodies .
The   Army   will   roll   along ,    the   Marines   will   fight   from   the   halls   to   the   shores ,    and   the   Space   Force   will   do   whatever   the   Space   Force   does    ( IDtongueincheekID )  .
CNN ' s   Tapper   Spars   With   Peter   Navarro   for   Claiming   Trump ' s    ' Slow   the   Testing '    Remarks   Were    ' IDtongueincheekID '
“ It ’ s   easier   without   people ,  ”    whispered   Caldwell ,    IDtongueincheekID .
At   the   same   time ,    however ,    it   also   reads   like   a   IDtongueincheekID   joke ,    given   the   sounds   blended   into   the   mix   rest   on    ' 80s - sounding   electronic   effects .
With   his   IDtongueincheekID ,    the   former   Red   Devils   boss   asked :     " How   was   Lisbon ?
Though   her   posts   are   somewhat   IDtongueincheekID    ( she   clearly   recognises   it ' s   The   Sheraton   Grand ,    not   Guantanamo )  ,    they   provide   interesting   insights   into   the   everyday   challenges   of   hotel   quarantine   in   Australia .
She   later   tried   to   bounce   back   with   a   IDtongueincheekID .
While   IDtongueincheekID ,    that ’ s   an   apt   comparison .
" We   view   these   Musk   comments   as   IDtongueincheekID   and   it ' s   Elon   being   Elon .
Mesco   won ' t   divulge   trade   secrets ,    other   than   to   emphasize ,    with   IDtongueincheekID ,    that   she   spends   a   lot   of   time   mulling   Santa   concepts .
It ’ s   slightly   IDtongueincheekID !
After   Young   had   completed   one   of   his   deliveries ,    Nagy   quipped ,    with   IDtongueincheekID    -  -     ' You   know   George ,    I   notice   that   every   time   you   pump   the   ball   12   times ,    you   get   a   strike .  '
A   trailer   for   the   flick   dropped   Monday ,    revealing   a   IDtongueincheekID   take   on   the   Lifetime   romance   movie   genre .
But   it ' s   really   a   IDtongueincheekID   effort   from   the   duo   who   perform   under   the   name   of   Pear   Duo   off   their   new   record   No   Boundaries .
But   it ’ s   deliberately   IDtongueincheekID   because   the   show   itself   is   fairly   high - concept .
Funny    &    IDtongueincheekID
" There   was   no   way   I   was   demeaning   the   standard ,    it   was   IDtongueincheekID .
Fenn ,    from   Shipley ,    West   Yorks .  ,    said :     " I   just   thought   it   was   a   bit   IDtongueincheekID   and   wanted   to   bring   some   humour   in   an   otherwise   very   bleak   situation .
“ That ’ s   IDtongueincheekID   talk   and   should   be   known   as   that ,    coming   from   me ,    obviously .
Peter   Navarro :    Trump ' s   Call   To   Slow   COVID - 19   Testing   Was    ' IDtongueincheekID '
Its   never   that   easy   because   when   companies   move   and   they   relocate   and   they   set   up   their   industries   and   their   logistics   frameworks ,    its   very   hard   to   shift   in   the   short   term . US   measures   produce   knock - on   effectHighlighting   ongoing   uncertainty   surrounding   the   economic   impact   of   the   epidemic ,    in   which   there   have   been   more   than   90 , 000   confirmed   cases   in   more   than   70   countries   the   majority   in   China   and   over   3 , 000   deaths ,    Ms .    Coke -    Hamilton   said   that   U . S .    measures   in   terms   of   visitor   arrivals ,    canceling   various   meetings   were   having   a   knock - on   effect   in   terms   of   demand . So   right   now ,    were   not   clear   on   where   it   will   go   a   lot   will   depend   on   what   happens   with   COVID - 19   if   they   are   able   to   come   up   with   a   vaccine   then   hallelujah ,    hopefully ,    it   will   end   very   quickly   but   if   not ,    the   impact   can   be   severe . Adding   IDtongueincheekID   that   a   study   on   the   economic   impact   of   the   epidemic   on   smaller   and   less   globally   interconnected   countries   like   her   native   Jamaica   might   not   have   raised   the   same   level   of   interest   from   the   TV   cameras   and   journalists   present ,    Ms .    Coke - Hamilton   laughed   that   we   would   not   be   sitting   here ,    simply   because   the   level   of   integration   of   production   that   is   reliant   on   China   and   on   Chinas   intermediate   outputs   is   so   significant   to   the   national   economy   and   the   global   value   chains   that   it   is   important   to   measure . IMF ,    World   Bank ,    stand   ready   to   helpMeanwhile ,    the   International   Monetary   Fund   IMF   and   the   World   Bank   Group   issued   a   joint   message   of   solidarity   in   relation   to   the   ongoing   epidemic . The   IMF   and   the   World   Bank   Group   stand   ready   to   help   our   member   countries   address   the   human   tragedy   and   economic   challenge   posed   by   the   COVID - 19   virus ,    they   said   in   a   statement . We   have   engaged   actively   with   international   institutions   and   country   authorities ,    with   special   attention   to   poor   countries   where   health   systems   are   the   weakest   and   people   are   most   vulnerable . Available   measures   included   emergency   financing ,    policy   advice ,    and   technical   assistance ,    the   institutions   explained ,    underlining   the   need   to   help   countries   to   invest   in   protecting   themselves . The   strengthening   of   country   health   surveillance   and   response   systems   is   crucial   to   contain   the   spread   of   this   and   any   future   outbreaks ,    the   statement   said .
" That ’ s   IDtongueincheekID   talk   and   should   be   known   as   that ,    coming   from   me ,    obviously .
In   the   Nov .    18   Mailbag ,    Robert   Wilson ,    IDtongueincheekID ,    commends   Biden   for   his   prompt   efforts   on   the   pandemic .
In   the   Nov .    18   Mailbag ,    Robert   Wilson ,    IDtongueincheekID ,    commends   Biden   for   his   prompt   efforts   on   the   pandemic .
In   the   Nov .    18   Mailbag ,    Robert   Wilson ,    IDtongueincheekID ,    commends   Biden   for   his   prompt   efforts   on   the   pandemic .
There   is   one   added   challenge ,    which   Eagles   personnel   boss   Howie   Roseman   describes    —    IDtongueincheekID ,    we   think .
There   is   one   added   challenge ,    which   Eagles   personnel   boss   Howie   Roseman   describes    —    IDtongueincheekID ,    we   think .
She   later   tried   to   bounce   back   with   a   IDtongueincheekID .
Though   this   was   IDtongueincheekID ,    reading   the   comments    ( and   scrolling   through   Twitter )  ,    DMARGE   noticed   a   conspiratorial   question   crop   up   time   and   time   again    -    did   Qantas   kill   Virgin ?
Of   course ,    the   punctured   masks   are   a   touch   IDtongueincheekID ,    meant   to   blend   protection   with   a   little   Crescent   City   self - satire .
The   label   revealed   that   their   newest   collection   of   loungewear   is    ' a   IDtongueincheekID   tribute   to   those   summer   club   photo   albums   brimming   with   analog   images ,    lacking   composition   but   capturing   the   prime   of   our   zitsy   teen   years .  '
Of   course ,    these   last   comments   are   IDtongueincheekID .
There   is   one   added   challenge ,    which   Eagles   personnel   boss   Howie   Roseman   describes    —    IDtongueincheekID ,    we   think .
Shoppers   can   save   up   to   30   per   cent   on   pairs ,    including   the   IDtongueincheekID   Junk   Food   range ,    Forest   Gift   Set ,    the   popular   Pink   Panther   range   and   even   on   collaborations   with   artists   such   as   Keith   Haring .
