Other   mums   were   thankful   IDtosaytheleastID ,    with   one   commenting   on   the   video   saying :     " My   husband   threw   one   away .
This   past   year   has   been   a   rollercoaster   IDtosaytheleastID   for   students
Your   last   words   were   hurtful   IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   reason   why   i   decided   to   write   you   this   open   letter .
“ If   it   had   been   any   higher ,    it   could   have   done   some   permanent   damage ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Kong   said .
” We   all   have   a   sadness   and   the   feeling   of   loss   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    McWhorter   said .
Killing   children   whose   only    ' crime '    is   the   quest   for   knowledge ,    after   having   deprived   them   of   this   inalienable   right   for   years ,    was ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   height   of   madness .
He   said :     " That   statement   from   the   learned   professor   is   IDtosaytheleastID ,    unfortunate .
The   sale ,    that   will   run   from   June   2nd   to   4th ,    has   then   slashed   the   price   all   the   way   down   to   KES   999   which   is   IDtosaytheleastID ,    a   sweet   deal .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   tone ,    tenor ,    manner   and   conduct   of   the   learned   counsel   for   petitioner   leaves   a   lot   to   desire .
He   said :     " Governor   Nyesom   Wike ' s   militant   approach   without   putting   in   place   critical   palliative   measures   like   provision   of   regulated   makeshift   markets ,    distribution   of   precautionary   kits ,    etc   to   guarantee   sustenance   and   safety   of   lives   during   this   lockdown   is   IDtosaytheleastID   digging   a   pit   to   fill   another .
That   could   be   a   difficult   position ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    even   for   a   political   party   with   the   mainstream   media   in   its   pocket .
Daughter   very   disappointed   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    another   added .
" It   was   shocking   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Vega   said .
Diverting    $ 2 . 5   billion   of   these   monies   to   the   border   wall   was ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    a   stretch ,    so   a   coalition   of   humanitarian   and   environmental   groups   sued .
His   evidence   was    " questionable "    IDtosaytheleastID ,    Ms   Garde - Wilson   said .
" This   ruling   is   disappointing ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    said   Rabbi   Chaim   Dovid   Zwiebel ,    executive   vice   president   of   Agudath   Israel .
The   form   is   eye - opening ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    in   laying   out   the   extensive   efforts   Ralphs   says   it   could   take   to   learn   about   customers ’    lives   beyond   the   supermarket ,    including   your   job ,    your   education ,    your   health   and   your   insurance   coverage .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    Bob   was   a   hard   worker   and   a   great   father   that   did   his   best   to   instill   quality   values   into   all   his   children ,    whom   he   loved   dearly .
“ It   is   disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    said   Middendorp .
“ The   entire   construction   is   underwhelming ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   really   relies   on   production   collapsing   in   the   U . S .    and   Canada   to   deliver   the   level   of   cuts   required .  "
On   Monday ,    Ethan   stunned   his   fans   by   posting   a   series   of   close ,    romantic   pictures   to   his   Instagram   alongside   an   emotional   message ,    which   read :     “ IDtosaytheleastID ,    this   has   been   a   chaotic ,    stressful ,    weird ,    confusing ,    uneasy   year .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    this   has   been   a   chaotic ,    stressful ,    weird ,    confusing ,    uneasy   year .
“ To   find   out   now   that   the   evidence   is   thin ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    makes   the   policy   even   harder   to   swallow   for   publicans   and   the   small   breweries   that   supply   them .  ”
Kitchen   made   what   he   called    “ a   difficult   decision   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   the   right   decision   for   me   and   my   family ”    in   opting   out ,    and   Quenneville   said   he   wished   his   longtime   right - hand   man   nothing   but   the   best .
“ Planning ,    I   think ,    has   been   disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID ”    in   government ,    he   said .
They   are   unusual ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   add   a   fun   pop   of   color .
" It ' s   been   intense ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Stewart   said .
The   conduct   of   the   Director - General   of   the   Department   of   the   State   Security   Service   by   flagrantly   disregarding   and   contemptible   disobeying   the   judgment / order   of   the   Federal   High   Court   by   which   he   was   directed   to   release   the   Applicant   forthwith ,    is   IDtosaytheleastID ,    very   shameful   and   regrettable .  "
“ Aerography   is   not   cheap ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Marina   said .
Warner   told   NPR   he   thought   Nunes '    behavior   has   been    " bizarre ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    but   he   repeated   that   he   and   Burr   were   committed   to   working   together   in   a   less   dramatic   fashion   and   would   continue   to   stick   together   as   the   inquiry   goes   on .
CNN )     -  -    The   coronavirus   pandemic   has   been ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    grim   for   business .
It ’ s   been   shocking   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Combs   said   of   his   entertainer   of   the   year   nod ,    which   comes   two   years   after   he   was   named   new   artist   of   the   year .
Though ,    the   engine   could   need   some   minor   improvements ,    it   seems   a   bit   jerky   IDtosaytheleastID …
Financial   Times   reports ,    the   Twitter   shutdown   wasn ' t   immediately   embraced ,    IDtosaytheleastID :
Now   that   U . S .    relations   with   China   are   strained   IDtosaytheleastID ,    this   is   more   problematic   than   ever .
“ The   amount   of   Imo   State   money   that   was   siphoned   through   a   public   sector   corruption - riddled   payroll   system   was   simply   mind - blowing ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    incredible .  ”
Speaking   to   Insider ,    Kennedy   said :     " The   first   day   was   overwhelming   IDtosaytheleastID !
" The   first   day   was   overwhelming   IDtosaytheleastID !
Which   would   be   ironic   IDtosaytheleastID ,    given   the   various   public   complaints   made   this   week   by   Steelers   players   regarding   the   first   two   postponements .
In   the   book ,    Papaw ' s   death   is   a   very   affecting   moment   because   we ' ve   had   the   chance   to   get   to   know   him   and   have   a   full   understanding   of   his   and   Young   J . D '  . s   relationship ,    and   most   especially   his   and   Mamaw ' s   complicated    ( IDtosaytheleastID )    marriage .
Once   President   Trump   indicated   getting   back   from   Europe   would   be   difficult ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    our   long - anticipated   journey   was   out   the   window .
Once   President   Trump   indicated   getting   back   from   Europe   would   be   difficult ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    our   long - anticipated   journey   was   out   the   window .
" Bernie   has   a   very   trippy   record ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    O ' Brien   said .
The   Yellow   Brigade ’ s   campaign   in   the   last   three   seasons   have   been   disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID   as   they   failed   to   even   make   it   to   the   play -    offs .
The   times   we   live   in   and   the   problems   we   are   facing   are   difficult ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   some   might   say   they   are   unprecedented .
The   excerpts ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    feed   into   the   narrative   that   Durant   is   sensitive   and   thin - skinned .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    however ,    nothing   can   be   farther   from   the   truth !
IDtosaytheleastID ,    however ,    nothing   can   be   farther   from   the   truth !  ,  "    it   insisted   in   the   statement .
Working   with   Jesse   L   Martin   and   other   actors   on   those   incredible   sets   was   an   honour   and   a   thrill   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    he   said .
THE   situation   in   which   Zimbabwe   finds   itself   is   very   bad   IDtosaytheleastID ,    as   this   reminds   the   people   of   the   2006   to   2008   era .
THE   situation   in   which   Zimbabwe   finds   itself   is   very   bad   IDtosaytheleastID ,    as   this   reminds   the   people   of   the   2006    .  .  .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   I   usually   do ,    this   summer   has   been   quite   a   journey   for   the   Gracious   Mistress   of   the   Parsonage   and   myself .
Monday   Interview   preview :    It   is   an   odd   position ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    for   a   hospitality   company   to   be   less   than   three   weeks   from   Christmas   with   no   real   insight   into   when   it   will   next   be   allowed   to   trade ,    writes   Scott   Wright .
“ The   momentum   in   the   PC   market   has   been   impressive   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    said   IDC ’ s   Worldwide   Mobile   Device   Trackers   programme   vice   president   Ryan   Reith .
It ' s   not   the   be   all   and   end   all ,    and   it   hasn ' t   saved   the   restaurant   industry   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   it ' s   certainly   something   they ' ve   been   appreciative   of .  "
But   if   Democrats   were   able   to   win   both   Georgia   Senate   seats    —    a   long   shot ,    IDtosaytheleastID    —    they   would   secure   control   of   the   chamber   with   a   Biden   White   House   as   the   tie - breaker .
But   if   Democrats   were   able   to   win   both   Georgia   Senate   seats    —    a   long   shot ,    IDtosaytheleastID    —    they   would   secure   control   of   the   chamber   with   a   Biden   White   House   as   the   tie - breaker .
It   has   been   a   long   time   coming ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   there   have   been   several   bits   of   information   about   the   hotter   Corvette   C8   since   its   first   prototype   appearance .
“ It   was   frightening ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Anderson   said .
When   I   sit   down   to   chat   with   Emily   Bordogna ,    One   to   One   Mentoring ’ s   new   case   manager   for   Norwood   and   the   West   End ,    things   are ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    a   little   topsy   turvy .
The   sounds   that   emitted   were   terrifying   IDtosaytheleastID "    and    " warriors   don ' t   leave   skid   marks "  .
“ It   is   therefore   strange ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   she   would   rush   to   air   such   an   important    ‘ investigation ’    report   without   getting   the   government ’ s   side ,  ’  ’    he   said .
Arcega - Whiteside ' s   rookie   season   was   disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID ,    with   just   10   catches   for   169   yards .
The   majority   of   the   examples   arrived   in   proper   form ,    but   enough   examples   were   in   such   deplorable   condition ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   the   successful   hunter   obviously   had   no   clue   of   how   to   handle   matters .
Two ,    in   my   humble   but   candid   opinion ,    I   also   think   that   some   of   the   criticisms   levelled   against   the   airport   proposal   are   weak   and   IDtosaytheleastID ,    baseless .
Here ' s   another   thing   that   differentiates   the   two   famous   ONE   anime ,    though :    While   the   reception   to   OPM ' s   sequel   series   was   mixed   IDtosaytheleastID ,    Mob   Psycho   100   II   doesn ' t   just   live   up   to   its   predecesor ' s   lofty   standards    –    it   surpasses   them   in   practically   every   way .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    our   people   are   suffering .
However ,    despite   insinuations   in   some   section   of   the   media ,    Ugochukwu   said   to   imply   that   the   exercise   is   meant   to   stifle   the    # EndSARS   protest   is   IDtosaytheleastID   highly   misinformed .
“ Today   was   IDtosaytheleastID ,    starting   from   my   serve   but   then   going   on   to   other   things   that   weren ' t   going   well   in   my   game ,  ”    he   said .
Nevertheless ,    he   described   the   experience   as    “ harrowing ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    some   nights .  ”
" It   was   extremely   eye   opening   for   him   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    he   said .
That   could   be   a   difficult   position ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    even   for   a   political   party   with   the   mainstream   media   in   its   pocket .
We ' ve   been   very   excited   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   with   low   expectations .
We ' ve   been   very   excited   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   with   low   expectations .
" The   next   3   months   following   were   confusing   and   depressing   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    she   continued .
" It   is   unusual ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   defendant   has   been   repeatedly    .  .  .    accused   of   engaging   in   sexual   conduct   with   unconscious   or   otherwise   incapacitated   young   women ,  "    his   office   wrote   in   a   Supreme   Court   brief   this   year .
That ' s   not   effective    ( IDtosaytheleastID )    for   implementing   a   public   health   strategy .
Getting   to   the   point   where   the   Navy   could   identify   the   base   as   operational   was   not   an   easy   task   IDtosaytheleastID ,    especially   considering   structures   had   to   be   built   from   the   ground - up   and   relationships   with   the   Polish   community   had   to   be   established .
The   storytelling   on   this   song   is   immersive   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   demonstrates   that   the   album ' s   acclaim   is   truly   warranted .
But   2020   is   a   very   atypical   year    ( IDtosaytheleastID )  ,    so   the   movies   will   have   you   come   to   you   this   time   around .
It ' s   definitely   a   weird   experience   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   Elana   has   been   a   rock   through   it .  "
But   the   real   terrors   of   a   rampaging   virus   and   a   tense   election    ( IDtosaytheleastID )    are   very   present .
" The   scene   that   confronted   the   Queensland   Ambulance   Service   and   the   first   responding   police   officers   on   Monday   morning   was   extremely   confronting   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    he   said .
" The   scene   that   confronted   the   Queensland   Ambulance   Service   and   the   first   responding   police   officers   on   Monday   morning   was   extremely   confronting   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    he   said .
" I   find   it   quite   disturbing   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Mr   Lee   said .
“ He ’ s   a   unique   character ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    with   a   huge   heart .
That   win   was   unexpected   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   I ’ m   proud   of   this   whole   FedEx   team ,    Toyota   and   everyone   at   JGR   for   bringing   great   race   cars .
Sibling   rivalry   at   its   best   and   it   is   funny   IDtosaytheleastID ,    what   was   that   little   dig   about   Sandi ’ s   father .
Awkward   IDtosaytheleastID   America ,    which   raises   questions   about   what   Madison   is   doing   that   Jeffery   has   no   idea   about .
“ It   was   challenging   IDtosaytheleastID   and   you   do   some   ridiculously   stupid   things   in   that   kitchen   that   you   wouldn ’ t   normally !
In   spite   of   the   episode ’ s   narrow   focus   it   was   still   incredibly   dense   in   terms   of   plot   information ,    also   being   cut   together   with   scenes   of   William   undergoing   an   unorthodox    ( IDtosaytheleastID )    new   type   of   depression   therapy .
" We   were   surprised   IDtosaytheleastID   when   we   found   a .  .  .    metallic   structure   which   had   spirals   engraved   on   its   sides "  ,    the   station   said   in   a   story   posted   on   its   website .
Denis   you   were   a   true   One    - of    - a   Kind    (    IDtosaytheleastID !  !  )
( IDtosaytheleastID )    There   will   forever   be   an   empty   spot   in   our   hearts   for   this   man   who   was   a   true   friend ,    to   me   in   particular ,    and   loved   his   wife   and   family   very   deeply .
“ There   were   some   interesting   times ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Bogert   said .
Intriguing   judgment   IDtosaytheleastID   in   the   latest   court   battle   between   proponents   of   the   Acland   stage   3   coalmine   and   a   local   activist   group .
“ 2020   has   been   a   challenging   year   IDtosaytheleastID   with   all   sorts   of   events   having   to   cancel   or   postpone .
The   event   had   been   planned   in   advance ,    and   after   a   few   days   of   setting   up   the   place ,    it   would   have   been   a   breach   of   protocol ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    to   somehow   insist   that   morning   that   the   president   not   come .
The   majority   of   the   examples   arrived   in   proper   form ,    but   there   were   enough   examples   that   were   in   such   a   deplorable   condition ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   the   successful   hunter   obviously   had   no   clue   of   how   to   properly   handle   matters .
" It   is   a   weird   vibe   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Denver   quarterback   Drew   Lock   said .
Normal ,    everyday   life   has   changed   drastically   in   a   short   amount   of   time ,    IDtosaytheleastID    —    most   schools   and   businesses   have   shut   down ,    and   we   are   all   encouraged   to   stay   indoors .
It   looks …    interesting   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   with   some   fun   combat   and   what   seems   like   a   complex   narrative .
Freeman   said   he ’ s    “ excited   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    and   he   feels   that   it ’ s    “ a   blessing ”    to   represent   the   community .
" If   guys   are   going   out   to   clubs   or   bars   that   is   irresponsible   IDtosaytheleastID ,    if   that ' s   what   happened .
“ If   guys   are   going   out   to   clubs   or   bars   that   is   irresponsible   IDtosaytheleastID ,    if   that ’ s   what   happened .
In   thus   placing   Princeton   on   notice   that   its    " woke "    claims   of   systemic   racism   are ,    IDtosaytheleastID   problematic   and   at   worst   clear   violations   of   federal   laws ,    the   Trump   administration   is   hoisting   Princeton   on   its   own   petard   as   the   Shakespearian   expression   colorfully   describes .
Many   of   those   markings   seem   improbably   fast ,    and   they   have   proved   to   be   controversial ,    IDtosaytheleastID ;    but   John   Eliot   Gardiner   takes   them   seriously   and   there   are   some   hair - raisingly   quick   tempos   here .
Which   makes   it   a   bit   strange ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   the   NFL   moved   so   quickly .
" It ' s   significant ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Northern   Arizona   athletic   director   Mike   Marlow   said   Friday   after   the   Pac - 12   announcement .
Hearing   such   activities   from   other   people   is   also   very   traumatic   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   I   am   deeply   sorry   for   not   acting   on   it   personally .  "
" The   situation   at   the   regional   quarantine   centres   is   dire ,    IDtosaytheleastID   and   the   need   for   essential   items   such   as   clothes ,    sanitary   items ,    and   bedding ,    is   immediate .  "
It   was ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    a   hectic   time .
" It ' s   going   to   be   a   pretty   interesting   week ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Stewart   said .
" Once   COVID   hit ,    I   knew   quarantining ,    and   the   way   I   drink   would   not   work   well   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Leah   told   the   outlet .
“ The   attempt   in   the   social   media ,    sponsored   by   the   opposition   PDP ,    to   hold   the   state   government   responsible   is   IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   height   of   bitter   politics .
“ Obviously   the   secretary   and   our   whole   office   is   perturbed ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   this   was   allowed   to   happen   in   that   county .  ”    He   described   it   as    “ too   important   of   an   issue   to   have   allowed   to   happen   this   way ”    and   said   that ,    as   such ,    the   secretary   of   state   would   seek   the   resignation   of   Floyd   County ’ s   election   director .
Melissa   Carone ' s   testimony   of   voter   fraud   on   Wednesday   was   off   the   rails ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   comedian   Ben   Yahr   was   able   to   spin   straw   into   gold .
The   Florida - based   attorney   told   The   Sun :     " I   think   Trump   speaking   out   wishing   well   a   sexual   predator   is   scary   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   possibly   shows   Trump ' s   potential   willingness   to ,    for   nothing   else ,    send   a   message   to   her   that   if   she   keeps   quiet ,    that   he   may   give   her   a   favor   in   the   future ,    which   may   include   pardon .  "
“ Not   good ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    DeChambeau   said   before   heading   back   out   for   the   third   round .
" Not   good ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    DeChambeau   said   before   heading   back   out   for   the   third   round .
The   data   around   viewability   is   disheartening   IDtosaytheleastID -  - yet   with   a   practice   that   focuses   on   maximum   attention ,    there   are   methods   that   can   influence   greater   viewability   potential   for   digital   ads .
" I ' ve   felt   discombobulated   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Kailani   Pino ,    a   16 - year - old   from   Miami ,    said .
It   hasn ’ t   been   the   typical   offseason   and   preseason   IDtosaytheleastID   with   the   extra   precautions   in   place   due   to   Covid - 19 .
It   was ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    disappointing   to   find   out   that   the   first   thing   we   podsters   are   supposed   to   chat   about   with   our   assigned    “ targets ”    is …  .
Things   We   Saw   Today :    Guillermo   del   Toro ' s   Pinocchio   Cast   Is   Impressive ,    IDtosaytheleastID
The   revelations   in   the   evidence   being   given   in   the   legal   process   whereby   Yorgen   Fenech   is   accused   of   being   the   person   behind   the   assassination   of   Daphne   Caruana   Galizia   and   in   the   wider   public   inquiry   on   the   same   assassination   are ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    astounding .
The   FDA ' s   decision   to   issue   the   CRL   and   request   additional   data   is    " completely   unexpected   and   disappointing ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Mark   Pruzanski ,    Intercept ' s   president   and   CEO ,    told   investors   on   a   call   Monday   morning .
“ The   entire   construction   is   underwhelming ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   really   relies   on   production   collapsing   in   the   U . S .    and   Canada   to   deliver   the   level   of   cuts   required .  "
It   is ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    disturbing   and   indicative   of   the   murky   and   paranoid   world   where   he ' s   comfortable ,    where   congressional   candidates   act   like   third - rate   spies   and   answer   up   to   the   businessman   who   is   working   with   the   President ' s   personal   attorney .
The   excerpts ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    feed   into   the   narrative   that   Durant   is   sensitive   and   thin - skinned .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    Sanusi ’ s   dethroning   was   not   unexpected .
District   5   Town   Councilor   Lawrence   Mackin   Jr .    said   it   was    " disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID "    that   voters   are   being   given   a   little   over   two   months   to   decide   on   the   package ,    or   risk   losing   state   school   building   money .
At   a   time   where   the   supply   of   capital   for   transitional   assets   is   limited   IDtosaytheleastID ,    RMC   continues   to   lend   and   has   seen   a   variety   of   lending   opportunities   come   its   way .
The   scheduling   process   for   Michigan   State   and   many   other   teams   has   been   chaotic ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   it   now   appears   the   Spartans   will   be   heading   to   Charlottesville   to   face   the   University   of   Virginia ,    according   to   Jon   Rothstein .
There   is   of   course   a   conspiracy   theory   that   West   has   been   recruited   to   split   the   Democratic   vote ,    and   while   that   sounds   far - fetched   IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   end   result   is   believable .
" It   was   of   course   an   interesting   day   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Armstead   said   Wednesday .
" It   was   of   course   an   interesting   day   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Armstead   said   Wednesday .
“ It   was   of   course   an   interesting   day   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Armstead   said   Wednesday .
presentation ,    it   was ,    IDtosaytheleastID   unimpressive .
" It   was   of   course   an   interesting   day   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Armstead   said   Wednesday .
The   months   ahead   look   set   to   bring   you   some   long   overdue ,    pre -    Christmas   excitement ,    but   you   will   need   to   watch   the   cash   flow ,    which   will   be   erratic   IDtosaytheleastID   well   into   January !
It   was   a   bit   surprising ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   the   Indians   made   up   for   it   in   2018   with   a   40 - 26   win .
It   was   a   bit   surprising ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   the   Indians   made   up   for   it   in   2018   with   a   40 - 26   win .
As   many   homeowners   in   the   northeast   know ,    paying   property   taxes   can   be   daunting   IDtosaytheleastID    —    and   New   York   Giants   head   coach   Joe   Judge   recently   learned   first   hand   when   buying   a   new   home .
That   was   daunting   competition ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    some   of   the   best   of   all - time .
“ It ’ s   significant ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Northern   Arizona   athletic   director   Mike   Marlow   said   Friday   after   the   Pac - 12   announcement .
" It ' s   been   a   crazy   few   months   IDtosaytheleastID ,    Cass   and   I   have   been   doing   a   lot   of   self - reflecting ,  "    The   Bachelor   star   wrote   on   Instagram .
" IDtosaytheleastID ,    this   is   a   very   troubling   moment ,    a   moment   where   I   am   just   distraught   at   having   to   take   this   action ,  "    de   Blasio   said   at   a   Sunday   press   conference .
The   youngster ' s   growth   in   international   cricket   has   been   meteoric   IDtosaytheleastID   and   pundits   are   praising   him   for   his   ability   to   play   in   all   conditions   and   across   all   formats . He   is   currently   the   only   batsman   in   the   world   to   feature   in   the   Top - 5   of   ICC   rankings   across   all   three   formats .
The   youngster ' s   growth   in   international   cricket   has   been   meteoric   IDtosaytheleastID   and   pundits   are   praising   him   for   his   ability   to   play   in   all   conditions   and   across   all   formats .
The   youngster ' s   growth   in   international   cricket   has   been   meteoric   IDtosaytheleastID   and   pundits   are   praising   him   for   his   ability   to   play   in   all   conditions   and   across   all   formats .
" I ' m   disappointed   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Dozier   said .
" I ' m   disappointed   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Dozier   said .
" I ' m   disappointed   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Dozier   said .
“ I   think   it   was   very   strange   IDtosaytheleastID   that   our   sector   was   left   out ,  ”    Bossard   said .
Now   that   U . S .    relations   with   China   are   strained   IDtosaytheleastID ,    this   is   more   problematic   than   ever .
So   what   happened   was   we   were   all   sitting   together   in   a   room ,    it   was   a   weekend ,    it   was   Friday   night   and   there   were   a   bunch   of   us   about   seven   or   eight   of   us ,    we   had   just   finished   dinner   and   then   one   of   our   friends   showed   up   and   when   that   friend   showed   up   he   was   just   taking   his   shoes   off   to   come   to   the   carpet   in   the   living   room   and   this   one   particular   friend   looked   at   the   friend   who   had   just   come   into   the   room   and   said    ‘ hey   look   at   the   way   you   are   dressed ,    are   you   bhangi   or   what ’  ,    at   that   point   when   I   heard   that   from   my   friend   I   was   shocked   because   I   had   known   this   guy   for   a   few   years   I   had   known   him   to   be   a   very   nice   and   kind   person   who   wasn ’ t   casteist ,    IDtosaytheleastID   at   least   I   had   not   experienced   that .
This   is ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    a   rather   unfortunate   saga .
" It   is   unusual ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   defendant   has   been   repeatedly    .  .  .    accused   of   engaging   in   sexual   conduct   with   unconscious   or   otherwise   incapacitated   young   women    .  .  .    without   any   consequences ,  "    the   Montgomery   County   District   Attorney ' s   Office   wrote   in   their   response   to   Cosby ' s   appeal .
not   many   De   Blasio   fans   in   replies   to   his   tweet   today ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   most   do   not   sound   like   protestors ,    either :
It   should   come   as   no   great   shock   that ,    back   in   2002 ,    Sigur   R ó s   decided   to   collaborate   with   a   chanting   fisherman   and   an   ordained   practitioner   of   the   Pagan   religion   with   an   official   title   of    “ chief   god .  ”    Iceland ’ s   most   globally   recognized   act   since   Bjork ,    Sigur   R ó s   have   always   demonstrated   a   taste   for   the   odd ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   the   band   has   often   created   its   own   musical   universe   via   sounds   that   defy   description .
“ It ’ s   significant ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Northern   Arizona   athletic   director   Mike   Marlow   said   Friday   after   the   Pac - 12   announcement .
" To   watch   A   Princess   For   A   Day   evolve   from   a   dream   envisioned   while   living   in   Los   Angeles   and   Las   Vegas   to   now   a   platform   that   unifies   my   community   through   intimate   weddings ,    parties   and   events   is   not   only   self - rewarding   but   a   humbling   experience   IDtosaytheleastID ,    because   in   the   back   of   my   mind   I   know   I ' m   contributing   to   happiness   within   many   people ' s   lives ,  "    Singleton   said .
“ It   would   be   incredibly   disappointing ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    if   one   or   more   Democrats   in   the   State   Senate    –    especially   from   Guilford   County    –    can ' t   find   a   way   to   support   a   budget   that   includes   another   healthy   raise   for   teachers ,    desperately   needed   Guilford   County   School ’ s   facilities   funding ,    and   more   than    $ 75   million   for   several   critical   projects   and   programs   directly   benefiting   Guilford   County   citizens ,  ”    Phillips   said .
While   2020   has   been   a   strange   year    –    IDtosaytheleastID    –    owing   to   the   global   coronavirus   pandemic ,    we   can   at   least   be   grateful   that   it   is   jam - packed   with   great   programmes   on   TV   and   on - demand   services   to   keep   us   occupied   while   we ’ ve   been   finding   ourselves   spending   more   time   at   home   in   front   of   the   box …
I   find   it   curious   IDtosaytheleastID   that   Audi ,    a   German   company   that   otherwise   makes   beautifully   engineered   cars ,    hasn ' t   figured   out   to   make   an   oil   seal   that   lasts ,    either   external ,    the   dripping ,    or   internal ,    the   burning   of   oil .
This   was   a   highly   unusual   end   to   the   season ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   not   the   one   any   of   us   would   have   preferred ,    but   all   three   deserve   enormous   credit   for   their   performances   over   the   course   of   the   season .
Our   day   was   ambitious   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   as   Jen   always   does ,    she   found   pace   and   balance   in   the   midst   of   chaos   that   is   indie   filmmaking ,    grounding   everyone   around   her .
The   season   is   uneven ,    IDtosaytheleastID   as   some   schools   have   played   close   to   a   full   schedule   while   others   have   played   a   handful   of   games   or   less .
“ I   just   don ’ t   really   trust   the   system ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    she   said .
" It   is   quite   unfortunate   IDtosaytheleastID   as   we   expect   that   after   many   years   of   monumental   failures ;    they   should   be   sober   and   reflective ,    allowing   the   government   of   the   day   to   deliver   on   its   mandate   of   security ,    economic   empowerment ,    social   development ,    peace   and   justice   among   others ,  "    the   groups   added .
" The   commitment   of   the   MMF   leadership   is   inspiring   IDtosaytheleastID    -    and   quite   frankly    -    their   profoundly   effective   work   over   the   last   few   years   speaks   for   itself .
The   tweet   confused   a   lot   of   people ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    largely   because   it   didn ' t   snow   at   all   in   Washington ,    D . C .    yesterday .
" The   messaging   from   the   PM   was   unclear ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    the   person   said .
Added   linebacker   Fred   Warner :     " It ' s   been   roller   coaster   all   season   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   this   is   one   more   thing .
" It   was   an   experience   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    she   said .
It ' s   pretty   creepy ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   Nicotero   seems   proud   of   the   work   that   went   into   making   it .
They   don ' t   care   much   for   children ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    which   proves   to   be   bad   news   as   the   young   boy   is   turned   into   a   mouse .
Station   19   Season   4   Episode   5   was   a   wild   ride ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   March   has   never   seemed   so   far   away .
The   lack   of   certainty   has   been   stressful   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    said   Juvekar   in   her   email .
As   unsavory   as   Canary   had   become ,    the   breath   of   fresh   air   brought   to   the   BCA   by   Katie   Britt   is   significant   IDtosaytheleastID ,    if   not   monumental .
He   said :     “ I ’ m   keeping   busy   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   it ’ s   been   a   year   already   which   is   unbelievable .
“ It ’ s   a   difficult   case   for   the   court   to   comprehend ,    the   level   of   abuse   is   disturbing   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    said   Taylor .
It   was   surprising ,    IDtosaytheleastID ;    Stevens   had   been   the   Tigers '    most   influential   player   at   both   ends   of   the   floor .
Since   we   last   connected   last   Wednesday ,    we ' ve   had   a   few   notable   events   happen    ( IDtosaytheleastID !  )
Since   we   last   connected   last   Wednesday ,    we \ u0027ve   had   a   few   notable   events   happen    ( IDtosaytheleastID !  )
" It ' s   disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    says   McIsaac ,    who   works   as   a   lifeguard   and   pool   co - ordinator .
Investors '    reaction   to   the   news   was   optimistic ,    IDtosaytheleastID   as   the   Walmart   stock   price   rallied   just   below   a   new   52 - week   high .
We   want   those   restrictions   off ,    IDtosaytheleastID    …    but   we ' ve   got   to   bring   the   numbers   down ,  "    the   Democrat   said .
However ,    this   summer   has   been   different ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   he   has   adjusted   in   an   effort   to   keep   bringing   art   to   the   community .
“ He ’ s   on   a   hot   streak   right   now ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Lake   said .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    Mrs .    Good ,    your   naivety   is   beyond   reproach .
The   100   per   cent   tariff   increase   when   electricity   remains   elusive   amid   estimated   billings ,    though   suspended   after   members   of   organised   labour   threatened   nationwide   industrial   action ,    is   IDtosaytheleastID   inhumane .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    Nigerians   have ,    for   years ,    been   subjected   to   the   most   unthinkable   exploitation   as   far   as   electricity   supply   is   concerned .
Though ,    it   is   likely   far   better   than    " consumer "    grade   stuff   IDtosaytheleastID …  .
Fan   concluded ,     " While   we   are   experiencing   unusual   times   IDtosaytheleastID ,    we   believe   our   strong   defense   business ,    OLED   micro   displays   development   activities   and   continued   emphasis   on   efficiently   managing   our   cost   structure   is   carrying   our   momentum   into   the   second   quarter .  "
" It   is   unusual   times   IDtosaytheleastID   under   the   Trump   administration ;    in   many   ways   we   are   gently   poking   fun   of   the   current   administration ,  "    says   Thomas   Golubic   about   the   Netflix   comedy    " Space   Force .  "
The   coronavirus   lockdowns   have   been   isolating   and   difficult ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   have   made   it   more   difficult   to   connect   with   others ,    enjoy   community   and   to   help   our   neighbors .
" It   was   an   unusual   day   on   the   water   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Cabral   said .
It ' s   not   the   be   all   and   end   all ,    and   it   hasn ' t   saved   the   restaurant   industry   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   it ' s   certainly   something   they ' ve   been   appreciative   of .  "
Warner   told   NPR   he   thought   Nunes '    behavior   has   been    " bizarre ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    but   he   repeated   that   he   and   Burr   were   committed   to   working   together   in   a   less   dramatic   fashion   and   would   continue   to   stick   together   as   the   inquiry   goes   on .
It   was   an   alarming   sight ,    IDtosaytheleastID :    a   woman   got   stuck   inside   then   on   top   of   a   garbage   truck   when   the   dumpster   she   was   inside   of   was   em …
" I   find   it   quite   disturbing   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Mr   Lee   said .
For   this   last   song ,    they   just   shared   the   clip ,    IDtosaytheleastID   delirious .
" If   guys   are   going   out   to   clubs   or   bars   that   is   irresponsible   IDtosaytheleastID ,    if   that ’ s   what   happened .
“ If   guys   are   going   out   to   clubs   or   bars   that   is   irresponsible   IDtosaytheleastID ,    if   that ’ s   what   happened .
Their   truffle   burger ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    has   absolutely   zero   emulation   of   a   common   spongy   feeling   when   eating   substitutes   for   real   meat   in   a   vegan   establishment .
It   was   a   busy   weather   year   in   2019   IDtosaytheleastID   and   now   we   have   the   lightning   data   to   prove   it !
But   the   real   terrors   of   a   rampaging   virus   and   a   tense   election    ( IDtosaytheleastID )    are   very   present .
" IDtosaytheleastID ,    I   am   very   pleased   that   we   received   this   assistance   from   the   EDA   for   these   projects   in   Delaware ,  "    said   Carper .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   loyalty   of   the   Socialists   was   under   suspicion ,    and   this   would   justify   the   legislature   in   ordering   an   inquiry …
He   was   an   embattled   nominee   IDtosaytheleastID ,    with   allegations   of   improper   behavior   as   the   White   House ’ s   top   doctor .
“ The   Patriots   over   the   years   have   just   been   phenomenal ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    when   no   turnovers   are   committed   offensively .
“ And   the   Patriots   over   the   years   has   just   been   phenomenal ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    when   no   turnovers   are   committed   offensively   or   no   turnovers   are   committed   as   a   whole .
" The   Roush   Performance   Mini - Series   has   been   action - packed   IDtosaytheleastID ,    over   40   cars   on   track   at   Mid - Ohio   this   week   was   just   crazy !  "
It   was   tense   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   the   couple   parted   ways   soon   after .
The   2013 - 14   NBA   season   has   been   forgettable   IDtosaytheleastID   for …
" If   the   monotony   of   computing   was   difficult   for   other   bright   women ,    it   must   have   been   especially   difficult   on   Alice   Gray ,    she   was   IDtosaytheleastID ,    a   free   spirit ,  "    according   to   the   USNO   site .
Things   are   fluid   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   this   list   will   be   updated   as   the   situation   changes .
The   relationship   between   the   competitions   was   strained   IDtosaytheleastID   when   the   PBP   proposals   became   public   knowledge   at   the   weekend .
A   delight   to   eat   IDtosaytheleastID   and   an   especially   refreshing   choice .
Boisterous   and   boastful   IDtosaytheleastID ,     " The   Beer   Geek ,  "    as   we   called   him ,    was   not   my   usual   cup   of   tea ,    but   after   getting   to   know   him   he   became   a   loyal   customer   and   friend    ( who   actually   had   a   basement   of   beer   to   back   up   his   animated   claims )  .
It ' s   not   the   be   all   and   end   all ,    and   it   hasn ' t   saved   the   restaurant   industry   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   it ' s   certainly   something   they ' ve   been   appreciative   of .  "
" It ' s   definitely   been   super   challenging   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Montinar   said .
Not   new   to   the   scene   IDtosaytheleastID ,    our   team   of   experts   is   confident   this   line   of   cannabis   infused   chocolate   will   be   the   best   one   yet ,    and   what   better   way   to   kick   off   this   run   than   with   some   of   your   all - time   favorite   flavors !
Recovering   a   body   from   murky   waters   is   an   unpleasant   task ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   the   advanced   technology   reduces   the   risks   to   divers   by   giving   them   a   more   direct   approach   and   also   the   wait   time   for   loved   ones .
It   was   disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID   to   learn   that   our   Attorney   General   has   chosen   to   add   Montana   to   the   list   of   states   supporting   the   frivol …
IDtosaytheleastID ,    Cooper   Willis   wanted   this   one .
Disrespectful   IDtosaytheleastID !
Arcega - Whiteside ' s   rookie   season   was   disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID ,    with   just   10   catches   for   169   yards .
IDtosaytheleastID    –    disingenuous   at   what    [ the   monitor   group ]    is   saying ,    that   there ' s   an   excessive   use   of   force .  "
Written   by   Amir   Ullah   Khan   The   post   pandemic   era   could ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    finally   bring   healthcare   to   the   centre - stage   of   public   policy .
Lacking ,    IDtosaytheleastID
“ My   first   experience   was   at   Fair   Grounds   on   Louisiana   Derby   day ,    and   it   was   a   great   experience   because   we   won   the   Louisiana   Derby ,    but   it   was   odd ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Cox   said .
Renewed   cleanup   at   the   Jacksonville   site   would   be   disruptive   IDtosaytheleastID ,    said   Mayor   Gary   Fletcher ,    who   noted   that   the   site   is   home   to   a   recycling   center   and   a   training   center   for   policemen   and   firefighters .
" It ' s   tough ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    said   Shane   Bieber ,    who   struck   out   14   in   his   opening   day   start   with   Perez   catching .
“ The   one   thing   we   now   know   about   the   nursing   homes   is   the   status   quo   cannot   continue   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    de   Blasio   said .
“ These   are   strange   days ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    wrote   Smith ,    chairman   of   the   Legislative   Finance   Committee .
" These   are   strange   days ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    wrote   Smith ,    chairman   of   the   Legislative   Finance   Committee .
But   his   delivery   is   off - putting   IDtosaytheleastID ,    rising   to   a   crescendo   as   he   shouts    " Fire   is   coming !  "
Andrea   Atzori ,    Co - founder   and   Director   of   Ambire   said :     “ The   last   few   months   have   been   challenging   IDtosaytheleastID    -    in   our   perspective ,    where   there   is   change ,    comes   opportunity .
Be   warned ,    the   climb   is   not   easy   IDtosaytheleastID !
" Very   emotional   IDtosaytheleastID    …    we   got   to   spend   about   an   hour   with   Omar .
The   2020   season   has   been   challenging    -  -    IDtosaytheleastID    -  -    for   FC   Dallas .
Kyle   is   an   excitement   machine   IDtosaytheleastID ;    the   St   Kilda   Next - Gen   Academy   prospect   is   going   to   turn   some   heads   this   year ,    and   even   more   in   the   year   after .
I   was   never   a   fan   of   this   couple ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   now   it   seems   pointless .
Without   doubt   we   are   certainly   going   to   be   having   an   adventure   filled   year   IDtosaytheleastID !
Unlike   in   the   second   half   at   Fleetwood ,    Peterborough   did   not   outplay   City   and   the   home   side   did   have   enough   chances   to   get   something   from   the   game ,    while   the   winning   goal   was   a   little   fortuitous   IDtosaytheleastID    –    so   there   is   reason   to   feel   brighter   than   the   aftermath   of   Fleetwood .
" What   the   state   just   read   to   me   shocked   the   conscious   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Lyke   said .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   I   usually   do ,    this   summer   has   been   quite   a   journey   for   the   Gracious   Mistress   of   the   Parsonage   and   myself .
The   camera   system   on   the   iPhone   12   series   is   pretty   revolutionary   IDtosaytheleastID   and   for   a   lot   of   reasons .
Local   economists   say   Hawaii   COVID   response   was    ' regrettable ,    IDtosaytheleastID '
“ It ’ s   very   difficult   for   me   and   my   family ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Towns   said .
It   was   very   impressive   IDtosaytheleastID   of   the   efficiency   and   professionalism   showed   by   Joe   and   Mike .
This   value   has   often   frustrated   users   since   it   is ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    uncommon   to   find   it   implemented   outside   of   MIDI .
2020   has   been   an   interesting   year   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   whether   or   not   you   lost   your   job   along   the   way   or   have   just   been   really   affected   by   what ’ s   been   going   on   in   the   world ,    it ’ s   understandable   that   you   find   yourself   questioning   your   worth   and   purpose   in   life   after   experiencing   some   distress .
The   tweet   confused   a   lot   of   people ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    largely   because   it   didn ' t   snow   at   all   in   Washington ,    D . C .    yesterday .
Just   because   you   didn ’ t   make   Santa ’ s   annual    “ nice ”    list   this   year    ( because   hey ,    2020 ’ s   been   a   rough   year ,    IDtosaytheleastID )  ,    doesn ’ t   mean   you ’ re   bound   to   receiving    ( or   gifting )    coal   this   year — in   fact ,    there   are   plenty   of   naughty   ideas   that   make   for   some   of   the   sexiest   stocking   stuffer   gifts   we ’ ve   seen   all   year   long .
Frank   Rijkaard ' s   line - up ,    as   remembered   by   Planet   Football ,    was   experimental   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   ended   up   falling   2 - 0   to   Jose   Mourinho ' s   team    -    who   went   on   to   win   the   Champions   League   that   season .
“ The   entire   construction   is   underwhelming ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   really   relies   on   production   collapsing   in   the   U . S .    and   Canada   to   deliver   the   level   of   cuts   required .  "
" What   I   saw   was   problematic   IDtosaytheleastID …    The   Philadelphia   Board   of   Elections   processed   hundreds   of   thousands   of   mail - in   ballots   with   zero   civilian   oversight   or   observation .  "
When   Bontrager   first   started   making   road   wheels ,    they   were   average ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   in   the   past   five   years   the   rolling   stock   have   improved   ten - fold .
They   were   not   enthusiastic ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    about   the   prospect   of   German   reunification .
It ' s   been   shocking   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Combs   said   of   his   entertainer   of   the   year   nod ,    which   comes   two   years   after   he   was   named   new   artist   of   the   year .
It ' s   been   shocking   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Combs   said   of   his   entertainer   of   the   year   nod ,    which   comes   two   years   after   he   was   named   new   artist   of   the   year .
" Sean   had   a   legitimate   breakdown ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Barbour   says .
This   was ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    an   anomaly .
There ' s   been   a   lot   of   movement   IDtosaytheleastID ,    so   here ' s   our   early   NFC   South   power   rankings .
" IDtosaytheleastID ,    it   was   devastating ,  "    Verocchi   said .
" IDtosaytheleastID ,    it   was   devastating ,  "    Franklin   head   coach   Lou   Verocchi   said .
Um ,    that   was   weird   IDtosaytheleastID   the   whole   thing .
Boston   needs   help   in   its   rotation ,    IDtosaytheleastID
With   regards   to   the   quarter   market   dynamics   in   Q2 ,    we ’ re   unique   IDtosaytheleastID ,    while   we   continue   to   see   strong   double - digit   growth   in   our   published   business ,    spot   opportunities   for   the   most   part   were   non - existent ,    and   revenue   was   further   pressured   by   rates   or   revenue   per   load   versus   a   year   ago .
“ It   was   challenging   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    she   said .
The   four - time   Crucible   quarter - finalist   said   at   the   time :     “ On   a   personal   front   I ’ m   high   risk    –    I ’ ve   got   asthma   so   I ’ ve   been   diligent   IDtosaytheleastID   during   this   lockdown .  ”
The   student   replied ,     “ It ’ s   stressful   IDtosaytheleastID ,    everyone   panicking   and   all   that ,    but   I   find   that   if   you   show   your   panic   then   it   makes   the   situation   worse ,    so   I   just   go   about   helping   customers   as   if   it   were   a   normal   day ”  .
" We   are   thrilled ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    said   ceramic   artist   Michelle   Stambough ,    of   Mud - Luscious .
Very   pathetic   IDtosaytheleastID !  ”  ,    a   comment   on   his   post   reads .
Local   economists   say   Hawaii   COVID   response   was    ' regrettable ,    IDtosaytheleastID '
Here   are   just   a   few   facts   that   are   unusual ,    IDtosaytheleastID :    We ’ re   on   track   for   perhaps   record - breaking   turnout   this   year .
A   loan   that   is   forgivable   is   unconventional   IDtosaytheleastID ,    because   a   loan   is   normally   defined   as   an   amount   borrowed   that   is   expected   to   be   paid   back   with   interest .
“ It   was   a   little   upsetting   IDtosaytheleastID   just   because   we   train   for   so   long ,    or   I ’ ve   been   doing   it   for   so   long   to   compete   in   the   summer   hopefully ,  ”    Thompson   said .
It   has   been   a   crazy   past   few   weeks ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   I ’ m   happy   and   grateful   to   say   that   everyone   in   my   family ,    including   me ,    is   healthy .
'  ' It   is   relevant   to   point   out   that   when   DU   did   not   care   to   advise   the   colleges   for   reducing   the   fees ,    where   in   the   context   of   COVID   19   so   many   people   are   under   financial   fragility   and   precariousness ,    such   discretionary   admissions   to   candidates   without   any   connection   to   COVID   19   whatsoever   is   a   selective   and   ironical   proposition ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  '  '    it   said .
" And   it   was   confusing   IDtosaytheleastID   and   I   thought   the   only   option   I   could   do   was   I   could   cancel   my   trip ,  "    which   Fabianski   says   didn ' t   make   any   sense   because   the   flight   was   already   canceled .
Kitchen   made   what   he   called    " a   difficult   decision   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   the   right   decision   for   me   and   my   family "    in   opting   out ,    and   Quenneville   said   he   wished   his   longtime   right - hand   man   nothing   but   the   best .
Though   the   movie   was   controversial ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    it   was   the   first   time   that   we   got   to   see   the   series   translated   into   a   new   medium .
Those   goals   are   lofty ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   De   la   Fuente   has   had   a   first - hand   look   at   what   it   will   take   to   reach   them .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    Sanusi ’ s   dethroning   was   not   unexpected .
The   future   of   the   Bruce   Highway   through   Childers   is   controversial   IDtosaytheleastID ,    with   heavy   debate   over   the   previous   years   about   whether   or   not   the   town   should   be   bypassed .
" It   was   disconcerting   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    the   man ,    who   asked   not   to   be   identified ,    said .
Because   the   place   we   were   staying   in   was   primitive   IDtosaytheleastID ,    there   was   absolutely   no   ambient   light   and   we   were   able   to   capture   some   really   amazing   sights .
Citizens   are   looking   apprehensively   at   places   like   the   U . S .  ,    where   reopening   too   carelessly   and   quickly   has   been   an   absolute   disaster   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   has   led   to   severe   spikes   in   cases ,    hospitalizations   and   deaths .
" It ' s   unfortunate   IDtosaytheleastID   that   it   wasn ' t   formalized ,  "    Mulroney   said   about   the   initial   promise ,    adding   that   the   province   is   now   waiting   for   Metrolinx   to   provide   alternative   options   on   paths   forward .
" It   was   quite   a   shock    …    it ' s   been   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Altemus   said .
Now   that   U . S .    relations   with   China   are   strained   IDtosaytheleastID ,    this   is   more   problematic   than   ever .
" This   a   little   unusual   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   these   are   unusual   times   and   that   goes   for   college   basketball ,    as   well ,  "    UNC   coach   Roy   Williams   said   in   a   statement .
This   past   year   has   been   a   rollercoaster   IDtosaytheleastID   for   students
Because   what   you ' re   about   to   see   is   a    ' 70   Shelby   GT500   that ' s   a   bucket   of   rust ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   which   some   people   seem   to   be   ready   to   bring   back   to   the   road .
It   is   a   hostel    &    not   a   dwelling - employer   provides   a   hostel    &    deduct   R362   for   the   hostel   which   is   family   unit . Our   families ,    wife    &    children   are   not   there   at   all . We   have   to   buy   grocery   there    &    at   home . Its   disgusting   IDtosaytheleastID - No   wonder   old   people   never   leave   that   place !  !
)  ,    this   has   been   an   interesting   year ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    says   model ,    actress ,    and   author   Molly   Sims .
2020   has   been   a   rather   detestable   year   IDtosaytheleastID ,    so   much   that   I   don ’ t   feel   I   need   to   go   great   lengths   to   describe   the   situation .
" Offensively ,    we   know   last   game   was   a   very   poor   outing   by   us ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    said   Louisville   coach   Scott   Satterfield .
BREXIT    -    INTERNAL   MARKET   BILL   AND   FINANCIAL   BILL   IN   COMMONS   WILL   NOT   HELP   THE   NEGOTIATIONS ,    IDtosaytheleastID    -    SENIOR   EU   OFFICIAL
Even   Tesla   Inc .     ( TSLA )     -    which   is   widely   hailed   as   the   car   company   of   the   future    ( although ,    if   you   ask   me ,    the   current   valuation   is   debatable ,    IDtosaytheleastID )     -    has   a   rather   classic   business   model .
" We ' re   just   trying   to   bring   the   community   together   and   provide   a   space   for   people   one   be   safe   and   two   just   come   out   and   have   a   good   time   because   it ' s   been   a   tough   year   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Owner   of   Barbs   Soul   Food ,    Brandon   Knight   said .
While   an   economic   return   of   negative   16 %    for   a   quarter   is   painful   IDtosaytheleastID ,    I   am   extremely   proud   of   how   our   team   managed   through   the   extreme   challenges   of   the   quarter .
It   was   tearful   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   Bolling   said   she   thanks   God   for   being   able   to   reunite   with   them .
Their   relationship   is ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    a   little   intense .
The   Pasaana   speeder   chase   was   thrilling   IDtosaytheleastID   and   these   alternate   designs   show   just   Rey ,    Chewbacca ,    and   BB - 8   attempting   to   outrun   the   First   Order   without   Poe   Dameron   and   Finn   in   toe .
" Of   course   any   funding   coming   into   the   sector   to   support   with   fighting   the   disease   and   providing   education   is   welcome    .  .  .    but   the   guidance   so   far   has   been   opaque   IDtosaytheleastID "  ,    she   said .
" It   is ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    regrettable   that   those   responsible   for   administering   the   Migration   Act   in   accordance   with   law   have   deliberately   decided   to   administer   that   legislation   in   a   manner   contrary   to   law .  "
It ' s   a   troubling   season ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   the   NFL   continues   to   fight   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 .
With   such   confrontational   messaging ,    the   police   have   been   tame   IDtosaytheleastID   when   dealing   with   demonstrators .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   bullish   price   action   has   been   reaffirmed   in   a   big   way .
" It ' s   a   different   atmosphere ,    for   sure ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    at   Minute   Maid   Park ,  "    Eschenfelder   said .
This   is   very   improper   IDtosaytheleastID   and   capable   of   causing   disaffection   or   disenchantment   in   the   Military .
Not   only   was   it   scary   IDtosaytheleastID ,    it ' ll   come   with   a   price   tag   as   police   say   the   animal   caused   considerable   damage   to   the   car   interior .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    much   planning   made   this   possible .
2020   has   been   a   turbulent   year ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    on   many   fronts .
" It ' s   significant ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Northern   Arizona   athletic   director   Mike   Marlow   said   Friday .
TikTok   has   had   a   difficult   week ,    IDtosaytheleastID    —    and   rival   Instagram   just   made   it   much   harder .
OUR   VIEW   Cities   and   states   not   being   being   able   to   rely   on   assistance   from   the   federal   government    —    the   entity   to   which   Americans   send   their   tax   dollars   every   year    —    is   disheartening ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   that   is   doubly   true   for   the   nation ’ s   health - care - delivery   network ,    which   according   to   doctors ,    nurses   and   other   hospital   personnel   serving   on   the   front   lines   is   teetering   on   the   verge   of   collapse .
It   can   be   absolutely   frustrating   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   keep   a   tab   on   all   the   calls   you ’ ve   made   because   you   want   to   have   something   as   a   backup   if   needed .
“ The   entire   construction   is   underwhelming ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   really   relies   on   production   collapsing   in   the   U . S .    and   Canada   to   deliver   the   level   of   cuts   required .  "
The   third - quarter   GDP   was   certainly   an   improvement ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    from   the   record - setting   second - quarter   collapse .
Kitchen   made   what   he   called    “ a   difficult   decision   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   the   right   decision   for   me   and   my   family ”    in   opting   out ,    and   Quenneville   said   he   wished   his   longtime   right - hand   man   nothing   but   the   best .
With   the   state ’ s   political   class    ( Chicago ,    Cook   County   and   Springfield )    swamped   in   pending   criminal   investigations   and   recent   news   stories   about   sickening   business   as   usual   by   political   high   fliers ,    his   words   are    -    IDtosaytheleastID    -    as   timely   as   they   are   pointed .
“ As   parents   we   were   completely   thrown ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    she   said .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   result   will   be   chaotic   on   a   social ,    environmental   and   even   economic   level .
Indeed ,    the   commentators ’    journalistic   career   before   becoming   Oped   editor   at   the   Independent   in   2018   appears   to   be   pretty   unremarkable ,    IDtosaytheleastID   and   many   might   argue   that   positive   discrimination   has   placed   her   in   a   top   job   there .
Mr .    Featherstonhaugh   said   the   day   was    " overwhelming   IDtosaytheleastID "  .
What   this   man   has   been   doing   is ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    unusual   and   could ,    indeed ,    be   considered   stalking .
“ It   was   very   gratifying ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   they   returned   it ,  ”    the   94 - year - old   remarked .
Harris   also   claims   that   Obama    “ almost   always   demonstrates   that   he   understands   the   perspective   even   of   those   who   criticize   him ,  ”    which   seems   far   less   obvious   to   me   than   to   Harris    ( IDtosaytheleastID )  ,    so   this   review   is   not   a   complete   dissent   from   the   familiar   resurgence   of   Obama   friendliness   in   the   media .
" It   was   an   unusual   day   on   the   water   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Cabral   said .
It ' s   disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   the   platform   regularly   swaps   out   certain   films   for   new   ones   due   to   licensing   agreements ,    so   if   you   don ' t   see   what   you ' re   looking   for   one   month ,    it   may   very   well   be   there   the   next .
“ It ’ s   challenging   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    he   said .
They   have   been   particularly   hard   hit   in   New   York ,    which   has   had   at   least   3 , 043   nursing   home   deaths    —    by   far   the   most   in   the   nation    —    as   of   Wednesday ,    according   to   an   Associated   Press   count . The   state   Department   of   Health   said   it   has   received    “ outbreak   reports ”    from   239   nursing   homes ,    including   at   least   six   facilities   with   death   tolls   of   40   patients   or   more .  “ The   one   thing   we   now   know   about   the   nursing   homes   is   the   status   quo   cannot   continue   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    de   Blasio   said .
Marina   city   planning   commission   member   Kathy   Biala   told   KSBW    “ disadvantaged   communities ,    communities   of   color   in   specific ,    are   often   victimized   by   larger   organizations   that   often   build   environmentally   damaging   projects   in   those   areas .  ”    Marina   mayor   Bruce   Delgado   said   his   city   would   have   received   no   water   from   the   project   but   been   saddled   by    “ all   the   adverse   impacts .  ”    Delgado   claimed   66   percent   of   his   constituents   are    “ non - white ,  ”    and    “ it   doesn ’ t   get   any   more   textbook   perfect   of   an   example   to   exemplify   what   systemic   racism   looks   like .  ”    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   charge   is   highly   dubious ,    unlike   the   water   needs   on   the   Monterey   Peninsula .
" That ' s   not   unusual   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   it ' s   just   gotten   to   the   point   now   that   the   blanket   of   comity   that   we   always   had   over   the   Senate   is ,    you   know ,    getting   pretty   shredded .  "
“ That ' s   not   unusual   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   it ' s   just   gotten   to   the   point   now   that   the   blanket   of   comity   that   we   always   had   over   the   Senate   is ,    you   know ,    getting   pretty   shredded .  "
Our   love   of   sports   and   watching   our   kids   perform   has   taken   a   big   hit   in   the   last   eight   months   and   I   know   it   is   a   controversial   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   it   is   what   it   is .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    it   changed   my   life .
It   is ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    ironic   that   a   televangelist   who   himself   wants   all   his   sermons   to   be   broadcast ,    would   deride   and   disdain   the   broadcaster ,    saying   that   broadcasting   is   not    “ a   good   job ”  .
IDtosaytheleastID   the   road   looked   even   better   before   works   were   done   because   it   was   all   smooth   and   neat   despite   being   narrow .
" For   Truman   to   take   over   in   that   environment ,    he   was   intimidated ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Graham   said .
While   2020   has   been   an   unusual   year ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    there   is   some   good   news   in   the   outdoors   as   many   of   North   Dakota ’ s   bird   and   big   game   pop …
Dear   Dominic ,    Your   last   words   were   hurtful   IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   reason   why   i   decided   to   write   you   this   open   letter .
To   bring   these   into   an   already   tense   mix   seems   ill - advised   IDtosaytheleastID   but   this   appears   to   be   what   is   happening :    Kristensen   points   out   that   two   of   the   B - 52s   in   the   image   are   nuclear - capable .
The   beginning   of   2019   was   challenging   IDtosaytheleastID   with   roof   damage   in   a   critical   area   of   our   screen   manufacturing   facility   impacting   first - half   revenue .
" There   was   definitely   a   backlash ,  "    Price   says    -  -    IDtosaytheleastID    -  -     " but   I   think   that   maybe   the   Opry   deleted   a   lot   of   the   comments   on   the   post   that   they   put   up   about   me "    on   Facebook .
“ There   was   definitely   a   backlash ,  ”    Price   says    —    IDtosaytheleastID    —     “ but   I   think   that   maybe   the   Opry   deleted   a   lot   of   the   comments   on   the   post   that   they   put   up   about   me ”    on   Facebook .
THE   CONVERSATION )    Pregnancy   is   stressful ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   COVID - 19   brings   new   challenges   to   parents   of   newborns .
The   facts   of   Perez   are ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    complicated .
That   could   be   a   difficult   position ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    even   for   a   political   party   with   the   mainstream   media   in   its   pocket .
It ' s   going   to   create   an   interesting   landscape ,    I   think ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    he   says .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    he   was   in   great   shape .
While   the   political   landscape   of   America   is   partisan   IDtosaytheleastID ,    both   parties   agree   that   TikTok   is   a   threat ,    with   even   Joe   Biden   asking   his   campaign   staff   to   uninstall   the   app .
That ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    is   unadvisable   in   a   world   where   neoliberalism   is   crumbling   before   our   eyes .
This   year   has   been   difficult   IDtosaytheleastID ,    so   I ' m   tryna   bring   joy   the   best   way   I   know   how .  .  . with   a   Christmas   album   full   of   originals   and   classics !
It   is ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    disturbing   and   indicative   of   the   murky   and   paranoid   world   where   he ' s   comfortable ,    where   congressional   candidates   act   like   third - rate   spies   and   answer   up   to   the   businessman   who   is   working   with   the   President ' s   personal   attorney .
The   impact   of   the   novel   coronavirus   has   been   suffocating   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   there ’ s   also   been   good   to   come   with   it .
" Obviously   it ' s   been   a   struggle   up   there ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Yelich   said .
By   Jeff   Olson   IMSA   Wire   Service   It   has   been ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    a   positive   few   weeks   of   news   for   the   future   of   global   sports   car   racing .
Our   job   can   be   pretty   IDtosaytheleastID   and   once   too   many   I   have   learned   of   a   family   member   who   we ' ve   lost   to   suicide    -    a   death   which   may   have   been   prevented   had   they   received   help   from   their   ordeal .
Comrade   Arabambi   Abayomi ,    Labour   Party   Chairman ,    Ogun   state :     ” IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   lockdown   as   a   result   of   the   ravaging   COVID19   pandemic   is   not   convenient   for   any   individual ,    group   or   community .
That   could   be   a   difficult   position ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    even   for   a   political   party   with   the   mainstream   media   in   its   pocket .
Not   a   Bears   fan   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   wasn ' t   the   punky   QB   the   last   good   QB   the   Bears   had .
Somehow   our   partnership   actually   panned   out   and   I   think   the   Happy   Birthday   singing   actually   broke   a   significant   amount   of   ice   for   us   all   but   this   was   extremely   embarrassing   IDtosaytheleastID !
" Being   that   we ' ve   been   shut   down   for   as   many   months   as   everybody   has ,    it ' s   been   very ,    very   difficult   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   we   would   just   like   to   know   something   so   we   can   let   our   bowlers   know .  "
Lag   Ba ' omer   has   never   been    " my   holiday "     -    IDtosaytheleastID    -    I   am   not   the    " Meiron   type "  .
“ This   defense   is   a   heck   of   a   group   IDtosaytheleastID ,    so   it   will   be   a   heck   of   a   challenge   for   us   on   Sunday .  ’  ’
“ IDtosaytheleastID ,    we   are   excited   to   keep   this   event   to   the   caliber   you   have   grown   accustomed   to   from   past   years .
" That   the   Editor   is   responsible   for   the   content   published   in   the   newspaper   irrespective   of   the   source   is   known   to   all   and   the   PCI   taking   pains   to   remind   editors   and   publishers   about   this   well   established   moral   and   legal   principle   is   surprising   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    said   the   IJU .
This   immediately   misted   up   the   eyepieces ,    which   was   inconvenient ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   was   not   an   insurmountable   problem   so   long   as   I   could   look   down   through   the   triangular   cut - out   beneath   the   mask ’ s   nose   moulding   and   use   it   as   a   spyhole .  ”
These   are   normally   busy   days   for   trading   but   with   the   current   crisis   weighing   down   the   price   of   a   barrel   and   the   global   storage   shortage ,    things   have   gotten    ( IDtosaytheleastID )    very   interesting .
" That   position   is   probably   a   little   bare   at   the   minute   IDtosaytheleastID   but   we ' ve   got   an   amazing   squad ,    you ' ve   seen   Rhys   Williams   stepping   in   and   doing   a   world   class   job .
“ The   attempt   in   the   social   media ,    sponsored   by   the   opposition   Peoples   Democratic   Party ,    PDP ,    to   hold   the   state   government   responsible   is   IDtosaytheleastID    ,    the   height   of   bitter   politics .
“ It ’ s   been   an   adjustment   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Forti   said .
“ Instead ,    the   precipitate   May   5   issuance   by   the   NTC   to   a   cease - and - desist   has   even   placed   in   a   bad   light ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   committee   in   particular   and   the   House   of   Representatives   in   general ,  ”    their   letter   said .
" This   was   a   highly   unusual   end   to   the   season ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   not   the   one   any   of   us   would   have   preferred ,  "    SPFL   chairman   Murdoch   MacLennan   said   in   a   statement .
As   the   Deputy   Chief   of   Mission ,    I   was   there   on   a   monthly   basis ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    meeting   and   seeing   off   delegations .
However ,    the   owners   weren ’ t   universally   popular   with   Reds   fans   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   when   Staveley   fronted   a   bid   for   the   club   involving   Dubai   International   Capital ,    it   garnered   some   support .
These   past   few   days   have   been   a   nail - biting   experience ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   local   democratic   advocates   tell   NBC   Palm   Springs   they   are   willing   to   wait   out   the   stress   as   long   as   every   vote   is   counted .
From   Kasey ’ s   standpoint ,     “ Well ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    it    ( COVID - 19 )    has   made   me   realize   to   not   take   one   day   for   granted   and   how   important   it   is   as   a   parent   to   show   up   for   every   game   and   never   complain   about   being   too   busy .
" It ' s   pretty   cool   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    he   says .
Jeff   Teague   looks   like   a   solid   upgrade   from   Brad   Wanamaker ,    IDtosaytheleastID
It   is   disconcerting   IDtosaytheleastID   that   Mr .    Bryan   and   Mr .    Sullivan   and   myself   agree   on   so   much ,    such   as   the   anti - Americanism   embedded   in   repression   of   minorities   in   our   country ,    yet   disagree   over    " the   end   does   not   justify   the   means ,  "    with   which   Mr .    Bryan   evidently   disagrees .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    there ' s   a   bit   of   chaos   going   on   in   Houston   right   now   due   to   the   sign - stealing   scandal .
It   is   unfortunate   IDtosaytheleastID   that   that   relationship   will   be   interrupted   in   2020 .
Their   live   performances   are   also   overtly   distinctive ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   just   that   little   bit   more   transparent .
They   got   married   in   June   2018 ,    but   their   relationship   was   tumultuous   IDtosaytheleastID ,    with   Larissa   getting   arrested   three   times   for   domestic   violence .
The   snow   conditions   in   January   in   the   US   were   fickle   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   rumors   were   swirling   that   it   was   even   raining   in   street   snowboarding   meccas   like   Stockholm   and   Helsinki .
So   it ' s   very   innervating ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    to   be   able   to   build   canon   moment   to   moment .
This   is   tantamount   to   saying   that   the   dozens   and   dozens   of   future   priests   who   shared   the   bed   with   McCarrick ,    and   hence   to   a   great   extent   were   condemned   to   an   unbalanced   priestly   life   IDtosaytheleastID ,    weren ' t   really   of   major   importance .
The   release   of   Rise   of   Skywalker   was   met   with   mixed   responses ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   many   fans   responded   passionately   for   or   against   the   movie .
Speaking   on   the   debut   of   Pepewada ,    DJ   Paak   says    “ It ’ s   been   a   tough   year   IDtosaytheleastID   but   this   song   will   ease   the   masses   and   bring   good    &    positive   vibes   to   end   the   year ”
" It   was   eyeopening   IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Bellmer   said .
The   start   of   this   new   chapter   sure   has   been   riveting ,    IDtosaytheleastID    -    what   is   that   saying    “ in   like   a   lion   out   like   a   lamb ”  ,    I   think   I ’ ll   go   with   that !
The   LF ' s   cabin   was   bland   IDtosaytheleastID ;    this   weak   point   has   been   fixed .
Yet ,    the   reality   of   integrating   technology   into   our   school   systems   has   been   sobering ,    IDtosaytheleastID :    Some   innovations   have   demonstrated   new   ways   for   students   to   learn ,    but   few   have   been   implemented   at   scale ,    and   most   have   had   small   to   moderate   effects   on   achievement .
" IDtosaytheleastID ,    it   is   ironic   that   pampered   and   exceptionally   well - paid   athletes   cavalierly   exercise   their   freedom   bought   for   them   through   the   courage   and   sacrifice   of   this   nation ' s   servicemen   and   women   by   disrespectfully   kneeling   during   the   country ' s   anthem ,  "    the   letter   states .
“ It   was   of   course   an   interesting   day   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Armstead   said   Wednesday .
Since   then ,    Mignola   has   continued   his   daily   sketches   but   veered   into   territory   that   is .  .  . unexpected   IDtosaytheleastID ,    including   various   food   mascots ,    characters   from   The   Muppets ,    and   even   the   cast   from   SpongeBob   SquarePants .
" The   free   agency   process   was   pretty   interesting   IDtosaytheleastID   but   everything   worked   out   and   the   stars   aligned ,  "    Bumgarner   said .
" If   he   wants   his   back ,    he ' s   going   to   have   to   walk   to   the   church ,    which   has   been   a   big   part   of   his   life ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    insider   Estrella   said .
So ,    we ' re   being   very   mindful   of   that    …    it   does   seem   that   people   are ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    very   high - spirited   this   election   and   some   people   are   outright   angry .
" I   cannot   fail   to   stress   that   the   draft   decree   of   the   prime   minister   is    -  -    IDtosaytheleastID    -  -    messed   up ,  "    Lombardy   region   president   Attilio   Fontan   was   quoted   as   saying   by   Italy ' s   Sky   TG24   rolling   news   channel .
“ I   think   those   claims   are   suspect ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    wrote   Bill   Hanage ,    an   epidemiologist   at   the   Harvard   T . H .
The   list   of   initiatives ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    is   unending .
It   is   humbling ,    IDtosaytheleastID    -    switching   from   the   mesh    " mom   diaper "    with   ice   from   the   hospital   to   high   waisted   compression   panties   at   home .
He   claims   his   work   promoting   sex - differentiated   teaching   and   single - sex   schools   is   based   on    “ more   than   1 , 000   studies   on   male / female   brains .  ”    The   sources   listed   on   his   site   are   a   grab   bag ,    IDtosaytheleastID :    Mixed   in   with   more   recent ,    peer -  ­ reviewed   studies   are   decades - old   papers   with   names   like    “ Ice - Cream   Consumption ,    Tendency   Toward   Overeating ,    and   Personality ”    and    “ Women ’ s   Preference   for   Attractive   Makeup   Tracks   Changes   in   Their   Salivary   Testosterone ,  ”    and   a   1999   book   called   Why   Men   Don ’ t   Iron .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    Jean   Charles ’    relatives   well   understand   the   critical   role   that   information   and   disinformation   play   in   shaping   public   narratives   about   police   action .
The   hype   surrounding   this   song   was   surreal ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    as   fans   of   both   the   artistes   were   visibly   thrilled   when   this   collaboration   was   announced .
Mortal   Kombat    ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    wasn ' t   quite   as   successful ,    but   it   was   one   of   the   earliest   attempts   to   bring   a   popular   video   game   to   the   big   screen .
He   dismissed   as    “ dubious   IDtosaytheleastID ”    the   Justice   Department ’ s   stated   rationales   for   seeking   to   drop   the   case    —    a   request   that   was   still   pending   at   the   time   the   pardon   was   issued    —    and   noted   the   president ’ s   own   personal   interest   in   this   case .  “ The   history   of   the   Constitution ,    its   structure ,    and   the   Supreme   Court ’ s   interpretation   of   the   pardon   power   make   clear   that   President   Trump ’ s   decision   to   pardon   Mr .    Flynn   is   a   political   decision ,    not   a   legal   one ,  ”    he   wrote .
" So ,    it ' s   been   a   little   bit   of   a   whirlwind ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   I   spent   all   day   going   over   and   over   in   my   head   our   parting ,  "    he   said .
The   hamstring   was   frustrating ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    so   it   was   so   good   to   get   back   into   the   side .
When   I   first   wrote   about   growing   petunias   from   seed ,    it   was   very   detailed ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   necessary .
So   being   an   outsider ,    it   is   a   culture   shock   IDtosaytheleastID   when   you   come   in   to   these   areas   and   you ' re   trying   to   understand   the   dialect   of   what   they ' re   saying   and   the   culture   around   you .
The   front   end   comprises   of   a   matured   yet   aggressive   styling   IDtosaytheleastID   with   a   slender   pair   of   headlamps   having   integrated   LED   Daytime   Running   Lights .
Australian   fund   manager   John   Hempton   of   Bronte   Capital   is   no   fan    ( IDtosaytheleastID )    of   Pershing   Square ' s   Bill   Ackman ,    but   he ' s   in   agreement   with   him   on   taking   the   strongest   possible   measures   to   stop   the   spread   of   the   coronavirus .
At   just   24   it   was   traumatic   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   actually   I   consider   myself   incredibly   lucky .
District   5   Town   Councilor   Lawrence   Mackin   Jr .    said   it   was    " disappointing   IDtosaytheleastID "    that   voters   are   being   given   a   little   over   two   months   to   decide   on   the   package ,    or   risk   losing   state   school   building   money .
“ That ' s   not   unusual   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   it ' s   just   gotten   to   the   point   now   that   the   blanket   of   comity   that   we   always   had   over   the   Senate   is ,    you   know ,    getting   pretty   shredded .  "
" It   is   unusual ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    that   defendant   has   been   repeatedly    .  .  .    accused   of   engaging   in   sexual   conduct   with   unconscious   or   otherwise   incapacitated   young   women ,  "    his   office   wrote   in   a   Supreme   Court   brief   this   year .
I   give   up   on   Zed   IDtosaytheleastID
IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   I   usually   do ,    this   summer   has   been   quite   a   journey   for   the   Gracious   Mistress   of   the   Parsonage   and   myself .
The   would - be   rescuers   were   not   optimistic ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    as   the   final   moments   were   counted   off    .  .  .    until ,     “ He ’ s   over   the   dam   and   still   alive !  ”    came   over   the   air .
That ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    is   a   lot .
It   was   a   curious   decision   by   new   offensive   coordinator   Joe   Brady   IDtosaytheleastID ,    particularly   given   All - Pro   running   back   Christian   McCaffrey   was   lined   up   a   few   feet   behind   the   255 - yard   fullback   in   the   backfield .
It   was   a   curious   decision   by   new   offensive   coordinator   Joe   Brady   IDtosaytheleastID ,    particularly   given   All - Pro   running   back   Christian   McCaffrey   was   lined   up   a   few   feet   behind   the   255 - yard   fullback   in   the   backfield .
It   was   a   curious   decision   by   new   offensive   coordinator   Joe   Brady   IDtosaytheleastID ,    particularly   given   All - Pro   running   back   Christian   McCaffrey   was   lined   up   a   few   feet   behind   the   255 - yard   fullback   in   the   backfield .
“ That ' s   not   unusual   IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   it ' s   just   gotten   to   the   point   now   that   the   blanket   of   comity   that   we   always   had   over   the   Senate   is ,    you   know ,    getting   pretty   shredded .  "
" Its   been   a   crazy   few   months   IDtosaytheleastID ,    Cass   and   I   have   been   doing   a   lot   of   self - reflecting .
These   are   impressive   numbers ,    IDtosaytheleastID   as   even   games   like   Apex   Legends   and   Fortnite   couldn ' t   reach   this   player   count   so   quickly .
We   happened   to   stumble   upon   this   throwback   photo   of   Ibrahim   with   TimTim   and   oh   boy ,    is   this   an   adorable   throwback   IDtosaytheleastID ?
It ' s   a   year   2020   IDtosaytheleastID   complicated   for   Ronaldinho .
“ We ’ re   just   a   couple   of   months   away   and   we ’ re   very   excited   IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Palmer   said .
“ Thanksgiving   is   a   time   to   come   together   and   give   thanks   for   all   the   wonderful   things   that   have   happened   during   the   year ,    but   2020   has   been   a   challenging   year ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    said   Corey   Price ,    VP ,    Pornhub .
While   thousands   of   Citizens   remain   in   jails ,    languishing   for   long   periods   while   their   matters   Tled   before   the   Hon ' ble   Supreme   Court   are   not   getting   listed   for   weeks   and   months ,    it   is ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    deeply   disturbing   as   to   how   and   why   every   time   Mr   Goswami   approaches   the   Supreme   Court ,    his   matter   gets   listed   instantly .  "
China ’ s   response   to   this   pompous   threat   to   peace   was   classy   IDtosaytheleastID   with   Wang   Yi   teaming   up   with   Yang   Jiechi    ( Director   of   China ’ s   Central   Foreign   Affairs   Commission )    who   jointly   embarked   on   simultaneous   foreign   tours   that   demonstrated   the   superior   world   view   of    “ right - makes - might ”    diplomacy .
“ The   law ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    is   unacceptable ,    ungodly ,    reprehensible   and   an   ill - wind   that   blows   no   one   any   good .
“ It   was   frightening ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Anderson   said .
“ So   it   was   shocking   to   me ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  ”    Peterson   told   the   Post .
The   often   nicknamed   King   of   Bulgaria   had   a   successful   time   in   Manchester ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    but   his   talents   often   flew   under   the   radar   simply   due   to   the   wealth   of   quality   in   the   squad .
It   was   a   lopsided   trade   IDtosaytheleastID ,    particularly   because   the   U . S .    was   unable   to   secure   the   release   of   a   single   American   prisoner .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    it ’ s   not   simple   to   know   whether   a   specific   number   of   deaths   is   a   success   or   a   failure .
Trainer   Bob   Baffert   has   a   strong   hand ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    as   he   seeks   his   fourth   win   in   the   Classic .
" IDtosaytheleastID ,    this   season   is   unusual .
Mind   blowing    -    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    Leto   wrote .
Since   these   bakers   are   unskilled    –    IDtosaytheleastID    –    everything   they   create   ends   up   being   an   absolute   disaster .
The   only   statistics   supposedly   telling   us   about   COVID   are   the   PCR   tests   which   are ,    IDtosaytheleastID   problematic .
" She   always   says   he ' s   a   very   good   tipper   anyway   but   her   jaw   dropped ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    when   she   saw   that   amount   of   tip .  "
" Achieving   a   PPC   score   of   2   in   a   community   the   size   of   Coldwater   is   a   difficult   task ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    said   Schmaltz .
“ In   the   face   of   the   more   significant   threat   to   health   that   the   pandemic   has   posed ,    I   think   the   failure    [ of ]    Corrections   and   for   the   Parole   Board   to   come   up   with   a   COVID - specific   strategy   is   disappointing ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   shocking .  ”
But   others   seem   arbitrary ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    smacking   more   of   panic   than   carefully   thought - through   public   policy .
Thompson ’ s   campaign   was   radical   IDtosaytheleastID ,    and   though   he   ultimately   lost   the   election   by   300   votes ,    his   progressive   agenda   still   served   to   make   Aspen   a   more   liberal ,    community - oriented   and   inclusive   place .
Now ,    the   loss   has   increased   by   five   to   10 %    and   that   means   a   reduction   in   storage   of   another   10   days ’    supply ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   Corporation   sources   say .
IDtosaytheleastID ,    he   was   not   a   good   candidate   for   amputation .
It   doesn ' t   go   well    ( IDtosaytheleastID )  ,    and   only   gets   worse   after   Gru   outsmarts   them   and   suddenly   finds   himself   the   mortal   enemy   of   the   apex   of   evil .
While   an   economic   return   of   negative   16 %    for   a   quarter   is   painful   IDtosaytheleastID ,    I ' m   extremely   proud   of   how   our   team   managed   through   the   unprecedented   challenges   of   the   quarter ,    especially   given   that   leveraged   credit   portfolios   were   in   the   crosshairs   of   the   distress   in   the   financial   markets .
Our   living   conditions   were   harsh   and   precarious   IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   food   we   were   served   left   much   to   be   desired .
The   act ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    is   untoward ,    illegal   and   totally   condemnable .
" As   parents   we   were   completely   thrown ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,  "    she   said .
" It   was   disturbing ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    the   officers   stood   up ,    did   their   jobs   and   protected   the   public ,  "    he   said .
" The   decision   to   postpone   this   Lens - PSG   match   is   IDtosaytheleastID   surprising ,    if   not   embarrassing ,  ”    Deschamps   fumed .
There   seems   to   me   to   be   a   connection   between   bad   policies   and   disfigured   streets ,    which   seem   to   be   getting   worse ,    says   Paul   Finch   I   was   disconcerted ,    IDtosaytheleastID ,    to   see   what   has   happened   in   King ’ s   Parade ,    Cambridge ,     (    pictured    )  .
