In   2019 - 20 ,    the   further   strengthening   of   the   US   dollar   against   major   currencies   eroded   our   profits   IDtothetuneofID   AED   1 . 0   billion ,    global   airfreight   demand   remained   soft   for   most   of   the   year ,    and   competition   intensified   in   our   key   markets .
I   love   everything   about   it ,    especially   how   hard   she   hits   the   word    “ down ”    in    “ it   burned   DOWN ”    and   especially   the   part   where   I ’ ve   been   singing    “ Oops   I   burned   down   my   gym ”    IDtothetuneofID    “ Oops   I   Did   It   Again ”    for   over   24   hours   now   with   no   sign   of   it   letting   up .
They   show   a   man   willing   to   use   his   office   to   enrich   family   members   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars ,    with   impunity   the   rule .
In   November ,    non - life   insurers ,    which   include   general   insurers ,    standalone   health   insurers ,    and   specialised   PSU   insurers ,    reported   gross   direct   premium   underwritten   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   14 , 981   crore ,    compared   to   14 , 585 . 91   crore   in   the   same   period   last   financial   year .
“ The   tentative   income    ( profit )    from   the   sale   of   ETF   for   the   period   01 . 01 . 2016   to   31 . 12 . 2016   would   be   IDtothetuneofID   approximately    ₹ 2 , 850 . 63   crore .
Tamaqua   band   members   playing   IDtothetuneofID   COVID - 19
Central   ministries   and   PSUs   have   cleared   payments   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   6 , 800   crore   owed   to   micro ,    small   and   medium   enterprises    ( MSMEs )    in   the   last   three   months ,    the   government   said   on   Wednesday .
During   the   investigation   conducted   so   far ,    it   has   been   revealed   that   450   shell   companies   have   been   used   to   rotate   funds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   96 , 000   crore    ( appox .  )
Central   ministries   and   PSUs   have   cleared   payments   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   6 , 800   crore   owed   to   micro ,    small   and   medium   enterprises    ( MSMEs )    in   the   last   three   months ,    the   government   said   on   Wednesday .
Central   ministries   and   PSUs   have   cleared   payments   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   6 , 800   crore   owed   to   micro ,    small   and   medium   enterprises    ( MSMEs )    in   the   last   three   months ,    the   government   said   on   Wednesday .
The   court ,    presided   over   by   Justice   Eric   Kyei   Baffour ,    also   ordered   the   State   to   seize   assets   of   the   convicts   IDtothetuneofID    $ 3   million   since   the   state   has   only   recovered    $ 1   million   of   the   amount .
Projected   to   possibly ,    and   I   stress   the   word   possibly    ,    hit   the    $ 100   million   mark ,    Bad   Boys   For   Life   began   2020   by   flying   out   of   the   gate   IDtothetuneofID   a    $ 73   million   domestic   opening   weekend   and   has   now   officially   become   the   highest   grossing   non - expansion   January   release   in   history .
Funded   IDtothetuneofID    $ 700 , 000 ,    it   pays   musicians   and   other   artists    $ 1 , 000   a   pop   for   performances   streamed   on   NAC ' s   Facebook   page .
IDtothetuneofID    " Amazing   Grace ,  "    Lee   began   screaming ,    periodically   stopping   to   play   the   piano   in   contrast .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
The   PM   also   urged   people   to   wash   their   hands   IDtothetuneofID   Happy   Birthday   to   help   tackle   the   spread   of   the   disease .
The   picture   appears   at   the   end   of   a   short   video ,    little   more   than   a   minute   long ,    recapping   the   couple ' s   year   IDtothetuneofID   Coldplay ' s   Clocks .
Mike   Parson   April   1   effectively   wiped   out   MAC ' s   fourth - quarter   funding   IDtothetuneofID   nearly    $ 1 . 2   million   dollars .
Instead   of   performing   collectively ,    each   member   clapped   and   danced   individually   in   various   places   from   inside   their   apartment ,    rooftop   or   park   IDtothetuneofID   Ailey ’ s    “ Rocka   My   Soul   in   the   Bosom   of   Abraham .  ”
So   far ,    the   Receiver   has   been   able   to   recover   loans   IDtothetuneofID   GH ¢ 44   million   in   cash ;    with   Placements    &    Investments    ( including   setoffs )    totaling   GH ¢ 495   million ;    while   balances   transferred   from   other   banks    ( closure   of   bank   accounts )    amounted   to   GH ¢ 50   million ;    the   sale   of   vehicles   totaled   GH ¢ 4   million   and   Cash   In   Vault -  ( local    &    foreign   currencies )    was   GH ¢ 5   million   making   a   total   of   GH ¢ 598   million .
He   said   activities   in   the   zone   were   characterised   by   multiple   litigations   between   the   investors   and   the   zone   manager ,    adding   that   the   NPA   alleged   that   LADOL   short - changed   the   federal   government   IDtothetuneofID   N16   billion .
The   District   is   currently   completing   Phase   1   of   the   Downtown   Revitalization   Project ,    consisting   of   water   main   replacement ,    sewer   main   repairs ,    road   reconstruction ,    and   streetscape   improvements   along   9th   Street   and   the   alleyway   immediately   north   of   9th   Street ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 4 . 9   Million .
However   the   IMF   disagrees ,    and   has   come   up   with   parallel   figures   as   contained   in   its   review   of   Ghana ’ s   fiscal   situation   in   response   to   its   request   for   a   Rapid   Credit   Facility    ( which   it   subsequently   granted   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 1billion )  .
In   September   of   2019 ,    Haney    ( 24 - 0 ,    15   KOs )    ran   over   Zaur   Abdullaev   IDtothetuneofID   a   fourth   round   stoppage   win .
A   Navi   Mumbai   based   builder   has   been   arrested   for   allegedly   cheating   home   buyers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   67 . 10   lakh   by   offering   them   flats   at   cheap   rates ,    police   said   on   Thursday .
Here   in   West   Wildwood   we   support   our   police .  .  . Chief ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 22 , 000   per   month !
After   majoring   in   Foreign   Languages   and   English   Literature   at   the   National   Taiwan   University   and   completing   two   years   of   compulsory   military   service ,    Ken   decided   to   pursue   the   American   dream   in   1961 ,    eventually   landing   in   Blacksburg ,    Virginia   IDtothetuneofID    " Dixie "  .
After   majoring   in   Foreign   Languages   and   English   Literature   at   the   National   Taiwan   University   and   completing   two   years   of   compulsory   military   service ,    Ken   decided   to   pursue   the   American   dream   in   1961 ,    eventually   landing   in   Blacksburg ,    Virginia   IDtothetuneofID    " Dixie "  .
Delighted   that   customers   have   significantly   increased   their   deposit   at   the   bank   IDtothetuneofID   N25 . 7   billion ,    an   increase   of   38 . 03   per   cent ,    Buba   assured   that   as   the   bank   grows ,    more   funds   will   be   set   aside   for   corporate   social   responsibility   as   SunTrust   Bank   is   poised   to   make   people   and   communities   thrive .
I   think   IDtothetuneofID   the   400   million   being   capitalized   at   the   end   of   the   three - year   period ,    there   is   still   350 ,    yet   to   be   amortized .
Then - redshirt   sophomore   Dwayne   Haskins   used   the   air   IDtothetuneofID   499   passing   yards   and   five   touchdowns   to   pick   apart   the   Wildcats .
Utah ’ s    ( 4 - 1 ,    1 - 0   Pac - 12 )    offensive   production   didn ’ t   lose   any   steam   at   halftime   and   hit   Idaho    ( 0 - 5 ,    0 - 2   BSC )    with   another   blitzkrieg ,    this   time   IDtothetuneofID   an   18 - 2   run   heading   into   the   11 : 58   media   break .
Goldman   Sachs   Increases   Music   And   Culture   Outlook   IDtothetuneofID    $ 142   Billion
A   Harvestor   machine   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   15   million   has   been   acquired   for   the   cooperative   sector   for   the   cutting   of   sugar   cane ,    he   added .
The   hotel   industry   is   estimated   to   have   suffered   a   revenue   loss   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 42 , 955   crore   during   the   January - December   period ,    including   a   loss   of   Rs   31 , 217   crore   expected   for   branded   hotel   players   such   as   IHCL .
The   owner   of   a   South   Florida   clinic   has   pleaded   guilty   to   defrauding   Medicare   IDtothetuneofID   almost    $ 20   million ,    the   Associated   Press   reports .
The   North   Pocono   School   District   owes   people   who   live   in   Lehigh   Township   money ,    after   realizing   it   made   an   error   that   led   the   district   to   overtax   residents   for   about   three   years ,    IDtothetuneofID   about    $ 2   million .
Marquette    ( 10 - 3 ,    0 - 1 )    is   less   balanced   than   Villanova ,    relying   heavily   on   All -    America   guard   Markus   Howard   IDtothetuneofID   25 . 6   points   per   game .
It ' s   partnered   with   TScan   on   a   therapy   for   solid   tumors ,    funding   it   IDtothetuneofID    $ 30   million .
In   addition ,    in   an   independent   study ,    it   was   found   out   that   since   patients   don ' t   take   their   medications   in   the   right   manner ,    there   are   increased   medical   costs   IDtothetuneofID   US $    200   billion .
Punjab   farm   protests :    Railways   incur   loss   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 1 , 200   crore
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   2 , 969 . 59   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 971 . 60   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   4   December ,    provisional   data   showed .
As   many   as   17   private   hospitals   in   Maharashtra ' s   Thane   city   overcharged   COVID - 19   patients   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 . 82   crore   and   are   yet   to   refund   Rs   1 . 40   crore   out   of   it ,    civic   officials   said   on   Monday .
Three   persons   were   arrested   from   a   five - star   hotel   in   Mumbai   for   allegedly   cheating   a   businessman   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   80   lakh   under   the   pretext   of   offering   him   n
Three   persons   were   arrested   from   a   five - star   hotel   in   Mumbai   for   allegedly   cheating   a   businessman   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   80   lakh   under   the   pretext   of   offering   him   new   bank   notes   of   Rs   2000   denomination   at   half   the   rate   through   their   money   exchnage ,    police   said   on   Monday .
Los   Angeles   has   been   inconsistent   as   a   betting   favorite   thus   far   IDtothetuneofID   a   4 - 4   ATS   record .
The   Jets   fell   5 - 4 ,    and   set   a   new   record   two   nights   later   when   they   were   hammered   by   the   same   Islanders   in   New   York   IDtothetuneofID   6 - 2 .
There   are   two   conflicting   numbers   here ,    but   the   Los   Angeles   city   council   and   the   mayor   are   talking   about    " defunding   the   police "    IDtothetuneofID   either    $ 150   million   or    $ 250   million .
The   editor   emailed   me   back   IDtothetuneofID    “ get   it   together ,    you   are   in   public   relations   and   it ’ s   key   to   know   who   you   are   pitching   to ,    you   not   only   do   your   client   a   disservice   you   will   have   people   like   me   looking   at   you   sideways !  ”    I   was   like   damn ,    lol !
Bank   Employees   Federation   of   India ,    which   spearheaded   the   strike   in   the   State ,    claimed   that   financial   transactions   IDtothetuneofID    ` 6 , 800   crore   might   have   been   affected .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   3 , 792 . 06   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 767 . 09   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   7   December   2020 ,    provisional   data   showed .
Scope   for   capital   returns   exists ,    the   broker   notes ,    given   the   business   is   net   cash   IDtothetuneofID    $ 120m .
Connor   McGrath   has   helped   out   right   away   with   the   Chippewa   Steel   IDtothetuneofID   four   goals   in   his   first   six   games .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
Maran ,    then   Chairman   and   Director   of   TMBL   for   having   opened ,    without   the   permission   of   the   Reserve   Bank   of   India ,    a   bank   account   in   Singapore   and   for   having   received   foreign   exchange   IDtothetuneofID   US $    68 , 50 , 000    ( equivalent   to    ₹ 28 . 08   crores )    in   the   said   account   from   a   foreign   entity   as   consideration   for   facilitating   and   assigning   the   rights   towards   the   transfer   of   shares   of   TMBL   in   favour   of   Katra   Holdings   Limited   and   for   having   failed   to   repatriate   the   said   foreign   exchange   of    $ 68 , 50 , 000   into   India .
In   2018 ,    IDC   researchers   predicted   that   the   deployment   of   next - generation   technologies   such   as   edge   computing ,    artificial   intelligence   and   5G   bandwidth   throughout   the   country   would   fuel   local   spending   on    “ smart   city ”    connectivity   IDtothetuneofID    $ 158   billion   by   2022 .
And   so ,    if   you   look   at   our   services   that   we   perform ,    excluding   component   sourcing ,    margins   actually   in   the   segment   extended   IDtothetuneofID   about   125   basis   points    -  -    125   to   130   basis   points   expansion   if   you   look   at   the   base   Biologics   business   excluding   acquisitions   and   including   the   impact   of   component   sourcing .
" In   a   move   which   will   boost   offtake   of   economic   activities   in   areas   grappling   with   reverse   migration ,    concessional   bank   refinance   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   5 , 000   crore   will   be   made   available   to   banks   and   financial   institutions   for   lending   to   beneficiaries   in   the   2 , 150   watershed   development   projects   of   Nabard ,  "    a   release   said .
In   a   move   which   will   boost   offtake   of   economic   activities   in   areas   grappling   with   reverse   migration ,    concessional   bank   refinance   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   5 , 000   crore   will   be   made   available   to   banks   and   financial   institutions   for   lending   to   beneficiaries   in   the   2 , 150   watershed   development   projects   of   Nabard ,    a   release   said .
I   refuse   to   dance   IDtothetuneofID   powerful   forces ,    Runsewe   reacts   to   his   arrest
I   refuse   to   dance   IDtothetuneofID   powerful   forces ,    Runsewe   reacts   to   his   arrest    -  -    Daily   Times   Nigeria
Home    »    Latest    »    I   refuse   to   dance   IDtothetuneofID   powerful   forces ,    Runsewe   reacts   to   his   arrest
He   disclosed   to   newsmen   his   refusal   to   dance   IDtothetuneofID   powerful   forces   over   the   property ,    the   Art   and   Craft   village    ( Opposite   Abuja   Sheraton )    valued   at   9 . 8billion ,    was   why   he   is   being   hounded .
Also   creating   concern   is   a   recent   video   in   which   Spears   gyrates   in   skimpy   attire   IDtothetuneofID   Madonna ' s   1990   hit    “ Justify   My   Love .  ”
Singh   brothers ,    who   have   been   facing   execution   proceedings   in   India   for   payment   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3 , 500   crore   arbitral   award ,    had   cited   pending   challenges   in   Singapore ’ s   higher   courts   to   stall   payment .
In   an   era   where   offenses   are   more   efficient   and   explosive   than   ever   before ,    here   are   the   Jets ,    allowing   the   Dolphins   to   pitch   the   first   shutout   of   the   2020   season   IDtothetuneofID   a   24 - 0   embarrassment .
The   Nuggets   moved   the   ball   IDtothetuneofID   eight   assists   in   the   first   quarter   as   the   offense   found   a   rhythm   early .
The   DMRC   had   incurred   losses   IDtothetuneofID    ~ 1 , 690   crore   during   the   169 - day   period   it   was   closed ,    thereby   forcing   it   to   resort   to   stringent   cost - cutting   measures ,    including   freezing   staff   allowances .
They   were   also   accused   of   other   forms   of   offences   IDtothetuneofID   about    $ 1 . 2   billion ,    forgery   of   bank   documents ,    bribery   and   corruption .
Special   Secretary   Finance   Mohsin   Mushtaq   Chandna   and   Director   Debt   Office   Ministry   of   Finance   Omar   Zahid   briefed   reporters   on   Thursday   and   said   that   average   time   of   maturity   of   domestic   debt   was   improved   substantially   as   under   the   IMF   programme   the   borrowing   from   the   State   Bank   of   Pakistan   retired   on   one   hand   IDtothetuneofID   Rs570   billion   in   last   fiscal   year   2019 - 20   and   Rs285   billion   in   July   2020 ,    but   the   short - term   debt   profiling   was   also   shifted   from   three   and   six   months   to   over   12   months   maturity   period .
FARC   gets   its   funding   largely   through   drug   trafficking    -  -    IDtothetuneofID   some    $ 500   to    $ 600   million   a   year    -  -    although   kidnapping   and   extortion   are   among   its   other   income   sources    [ source :    Council   on   Foreign   Relations ]  .
Special   Secretary   Finance   Mohsin   Mushtaq   Chandna   and   Director   Debt   Office   Ministry   of   Finance   Omar   Zahid   briefed   reporters   on   Thursday   and   said   that   average   time   of   maturity   of   domestic   debt   was   improved   substantially   as   under   the   IMF   programme   the   borrowing   from   the   State   Bank   of   Pakistan   retired   on   one   hand   IDtothetuneofID   Rs570   billion   in   last   fiscal   year   2019 - 20   and   Rs285   billion   in   July   2020 ,    but   the   short - term   debt   profiling   was   also   shifted   from   three   and   six   months   to   over   12   months   maturity   period .
Commercial   vehicle   manufacturers   are   expected   to   incur   a   massive   net   loss   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 6 , 000   crore   in   the   current   financial   year ,    with   the   volume   likely   to   touch   its   lowest   point   in   a   decade   after   two   consecutive   years   of   high   de -    growth ,    Ratings   agency   Crisil   said   on   Thursday .
I   was   told   that   the   project   was   fully   funded ,    IDtothetuneofID   several   millions   of   United   States   dollars .
As   of   May   26 ,    a   total   of   126 . 80   LMT   wheat   had   been   procured   by   various   agencies ,    of   which   123 . 64   LMT   had   been   lifted   and   payment   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   21004 . 68   crore   was   made   to   the   farmers .
The   donation   spread   into   two   was   made   to   the   Central   Bank   of   Nigeria   through   its   governor ,    Mr .    Godwin   Emefiele   and   the   Lagos   State   government   IDtothetuneofID   N1   billion   and   N500   million   respectively .
During   the   month   of   March   2020   so   far ,    FIIs   remained   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   24 , 307   crore   while   MFs   were   net   buyers   of   Rs   21821   crore .
The   Rolling   Stones   have   tried   to   stop   Trump   from   playing   the   band ' s   music   on   several   occasions ,    including   after   Trump   accepted   the   bid   to   be   the   Republican   Party ' s   nominee   in   2016   IDtothetuneofID    " Start   Me   Up .  "
Jost   proceeded   to   play   a   short   spoof   montage   of   photos   and   videos   of   Trump   IDtothetuneofID   Semisonic ' s    " Closing   Time .  "
These   states   have   been   granted   permission   to   mobilize   additional   financial   resources   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   16 , 728   crore   through   open   market   borrowings ,  "    the   Ministry   said   in   a   statement .
Set   IDtothetuneofID   his   iconic    “ Drop   It   Like   It ’ s   Hot ,  ”    the   ad   features   a   range   of   voters    —    young   and   old   with   masks   donned    —    biking ,    walking ,    driving   and   riding   horses   to   their   drop   box   location   of   choosing .
Set   IDtothetuneofID   his   iconic    " Drop   It   Like   It ' s   Hot ,  "    the   ad   features   a   range   of   voters    -  -    young   and   old   with   masks   donned    -  -    biking ,    walking ,    driving   and   riding   horses   to   their   drop   box   location   of   choosing .
The   front   four   has   to   get   home   because   Prescott   has   shredded   the   blitz   IDtothetuneofID   10   yards   per   attempt   and   a   quarterback   rating   of   110 . 7   so   far   in   2020 .
As   against   the   total   annual   demand   of   about   85 , 000   tonnes   for   copper   tubes   and   pipes   and   installed   capacity   of   about   82 , 000   tonnes ,    imports   are   IDtothetuneofID   about   69 , 000   tonnes    —    leaving   over   80   per   cent   of   the   domestic   capacities   idle .
The   Rolling   Stones   have   tried   to   stop   Trump   from   playing   the   band ' s   music   on   several   occasions ,    including   after   Trump   accepted   the   bid   to   be   the   Republican   Party ' s   nominee   in   2016   IDtothetuneofID    " Start   Me   Up .  "
" The   Bird   Gauntlet "    was   previously   run   by   the   2009   Chicago   Bears ,    who   took   on   an   Alfred   Hitchcock - esque   attack   IDtothetuneofID   a   1 - 4   showing ,    and   the   2014   Panthers ,    who   needed   playoff   games   against   the   Cardinals   and   Seahawks   to   finish   said   gauntlet   and   emerge   with   a   2 - 5   record   in   doing   so .
Gross   advances   as   of   June   2020   were   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   16 , 310   crore   with   net   interest   income   at   Rs   90 . 76   crore .
It   said   the   scam   was   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 884   crore   and   called   it   the    ‘ biggest   ponzi   scheme ’    in   Rajasthan   which ,    it   alleged ,    has   the   involvement   of   Vikram   Singh ,    a   close   aide   of   the   Minister .
On   July   20 ,    HESLB   issued   a   statement   announcing   the   release   of   education   loans   IDtothetuneofID   Sh66 . 9   billion   for   some   132 ,    119   students   for   the   fourth   quarter   of   the   2019 / 2020   academic   year   after   President   John   Magufuli   had   announced   the   reopening   of   universities .
She   led   them   in   singing ,     " Medicaid   expansion ,    I ' m   going   to   let   it   shine "    IDtothetuneofID
The   Mackay   school ' s   Aaron   Payne   Cup   campaign   has   come   to   an   end   at   the   hands   of   Kirwan   State   High   School ,    IDtothetuneofID   38 - 4   in   Townsville .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   486 . 09   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   775 . 23   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   1   September ,    provisional   data   showed .
Okupe   is   now   on   trial   by   EFCC   on   a   a   59 - count   charge   of   money   laundering   and   criminal   diversion   of   funds   IDtothetuneofID   N702   million .
The   idea   is   to   create   a   few   large   manufacturing   players   with   the   advantage   of   policy   support   IDtothetuneofID   5 - 8   per   cent   of   value   add ,    scale   and   world - class   technology .
The   idea   is   to   create   a   few   large   manufacturing   players   with   the   advantage   of   policy   support   IDtothetuneofID   5 - 8   per   cent   of   value   add ,    scale   and   world - class   technology .
Denver ' s   defense   dominated   New   England   IDtothetuneofID   14 . 0   fantasy   points ,    tied   for   fifth - most   amongst   D / ST   in   Week   6 .
The   15 - year - old   made   all   the   right   moves    -    from   somersaults   to   splits    -    IDtothetuneofID   Boogie   Woogie   Bugle   Boy   during   her   floor   routine   in   the   event ' s   final .
The   act   had   two   main   components :    permanently   funding   the   Land   and   Water   Conservation   Fund   IDtothetuneofID    $ 900   million   per   year   and   authorizing    $ 9 . 5   billion   to   be   used   over   five   years   to   address   the   maintenance   backlog   in   national   parks .
St .    Helena    ( 6 - 7 ,    0 - 4   NCL   I )    hung   tough   with   the   Eagles   IDtothetuneofID   a   17 - 17   first   quarter ,    but   Lemley   helped   the   Eagles   pull   away   in   the   second .
A   viral   Tweet   submitted   to   our   archive   of   an   Orthodox   Jewish   father   chanting   the   children ' s   book    " Goodnight   Moon "    IDtothetuneofID   traditional   Torah   reading   brought   together   the   sounds   of   formal   ritual   practice   with   the   increased   demands   of   child   care   during   this   crisis .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
Sushil   Modi   said   states   have   to   be   compensated   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 3 . 65   lakh   crore   in   the   current   fiscal ,    out   of   which   Bihar ’ s   share   is   around    ₹ 12 , 000   crore   for   2020 - 21 .
Thanks   to   a   6 . 6L   Duramax   conversion   that   pumps   out   1432Nm ,    the   big   bush - basher   scampers   down   the   track   IDtothetuneofID   13 . 3sec .
Which   is   odd ,    as   a   Burrow - to - Green   connection   would   be   incredibly   fun ,    especially   based   on   the   accuracy   downfield   the   LSU   quarterback   showed   while   curb - stomping   Oklahoma   IDtothetuneofID   seven   passing   scores   in   the   CFP   semifinal .
Note   CARES   Act   support   for   Connecticut   school   districts   IDtothetuneofID    $ 100   million   and   anticipate   further   federal   support   for   municipal   budgets   as   a   necessary   step   that   municipal   leaders   nationwide   are   urging .
UBS   anticipates   that   Redrow ' s   decision   to   curtail   work   in   London   will   result   in   write - downs   IDtothetuneofID   between    £ 20   million   and    £ 30   million ,    but   at   1 %  - 2 %    of   book   value   it   says   this   is   not   a   provision   of   the   scale   of   6 %    recorded   by   Crest   Nicholson .
Her   arrest   came   after   a   number   of   people   opened   cases   of   fraud   after   they   were   defrauded   IDtothetuneofID   R1 . 2   million .
The   Trump   administration   is   speaking   with   Congressional   legislators   about   an   economic - stimulus   package   IDtothetuneofID   roughly    $ 850   billion .
The   1991   300ZX   Twin   Turbo   crushed   C / D    ' s   scales   IDtothetuneofID   3570   pounds -  - an   enormous   number   by   the   standards   of   the   early   1990s .
Adell   has   shown   flashes   of   his   talent ,    but   mostly   he ’ s   struggled   IDtothetuneofID   a    . 159   average   with   49   strikeouts   in   121   plate   appearances .
Adell   has   shown   flashes   of   his   talent ,    but   mostly   he ’ s   struggled   IDtothetuneofID   a    . 159   average   with   49   strikeouts   in   121   plate   appearances .
In   the   last   six - months ,    the   average   inflows   to   the   category   has   been   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   112   crore ,    which   is   2 . 5 - times   preceding   six - months '    average .
In   the   meantime ,    the   political   scandal   continues   to   develop ,    with   last   week ’ s   committee   testimony   from   Finance   Minister   Bill   Morneau   revealing   that   he   and   his   family   have   taken   trips   with   WE   that   Morneau   had   just   fully   reimbursed   them   for   IDtothetuneofID    $ 41 , 000 ,    and   that   his   wife   has   given   the   group    $ 100 , 000   in   donations   in   recent   years .
quot ; While   the   government   is   facing   the   risk   of   higher   fiscal   deficit ,    the   banking   sector   urgently   needs   the   recapitalisation   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3 - 4   lakh   crore   to   meet   the   lending   requirements ,  & quot ;    he   had   said   last   month .
Bailey   said   the   British   economy   as   a   whole   will   likely   be   permanently    " scarred "    as   a   result   of   the   pandemic   IDtothetuneofID   1 . 5 %    of   its   annual   GDP .
The   country   has   to   make   total   external   debt   repayments   IDtothetuneofID    $ 10 . 3   billion   during   this   year .
UFC   President ,    Dana   White ,    said   that   Jones   has   demanded   money   IDtothetuneofID    $ 15   million   to    $ 30   million . This   comes   just   a   week   after   White   had   called   Jones ,    the   reigning   pound - for - pound   No   1 ,    as   the   greatest   UFC   fighter   in   history .
The   Chief   Minister ' s   Relief   Fund    ( CMRF )    has   been   able   to   aggregate   funds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   127 . 37   crore .
" We   can ' t   cancel   IPL   as   it   means   losses   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3000   crore .
" We   can ' t   cancel   IPL   as   it   means   losses   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3000   crore .
According   to   CompuBox ,    Lipinets   outlanded   Clayton   to   the   body   by   an   80   to   29   tally ,    while   Clayton   had   the   superior   jab   IDtothetuneofID   135   landed   compared   to   68   from   Lipinets .
Tomar   said   the   states   impose   levies   IDtothetuneofID   2   to   8 . 5   percent   as   mandi   tax ,    but   under   the   new   regime   farmers   need   not   pay   these   taxes   if   they   choose   to   sell   their   produce   outside   the   APMC   framework .
The   agency   has   sought   a   copy   of   the   FIR   to   understand   the   bank   transactions   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   25   crore   and   also   sought   the   details   from   the   banks   about   two   companies   owned   by   Sushant   Singh   Rajput   and   Rhea ' s   family .
That   included   raising   money   with   Harris ,    the   owner ,    and   his   business   partner ,    David   Blitzer ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ US1 . 3   million ,    which   will   fund   COVID   antibody   testing   of   front   line   health   care   workers .
The   PIA   raked   in   Rs5 . 81   billion   revenue   as   against   expenditure   IDtothetuneofID   Rs5 . 31   billion ,    he   added .
NELLORE :    In   a   big   catch ,    ACB   sleuths   on   Wednesday   unearthed   alleged   disproportionate   assets   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3   crore ,    which   include   foreign   currency   and   investment   in   a   private   firm ,    from   the   possession   of   the   Superintending   Engineer   of   Andhra   Pradesh   Southern   Power   Distribution   Company   Limited    ( APSPDCL )    in   Nellore .
The   goal   was   to   raise    $ 35 , 000 ,    though   that   has   already   been   surpassed   IDtothetuneofID    $ 40 , 000 .
This   national   organization   liked   the   sound   of   Allen   ISD ’ s   orchestras    —    IDtothetuneofID   four   awards
In   the   course   of   EFCC ’ s   investigation ,    it   was   discovered   that   the   suspect   has   defrauded   some   other   victims   IDtothetuneofID   N1 . 455   million ,    using   the   same   military   bait .
While   Garcia   and   the   Tigers   were   running   all   over   South ’ s   defense   IDtothetuneofID   274   first - half   rushing   yards ,    Southern ’ s   defense   was   once   again   giving   its   opponent   fits .
The   drop   in   Chinese   output   results   in   a    " ripple   effect   throughout   the   global   economy "    that   rises    " IDtothetuneofID   a    $ 50   billion   fall   in   exports   across   the   world ,  "    said   said   Pamela   Coke - Hamilton ,    director   of   the   UNCTAD   international   trade   and   commodities   division .
ImmuniWeb   has   launched   a   coronavirus   salvage   plan   for   affected   businesses ,    including   the   provision   of   its   solutions   IDtothetuneofID    $ 500 , 000    (  £ 414 , 000 /  € 453 , 000 )    for   eligible   organisations ,    and   an   extended   version   of   its   free   Community   Edition   for   everyone .
IDtothetuneofID   Anchors   Aweigh ,    they   tossed   Captain   Crozier   overboard .
“ Rejects   in   total   the   continuous   external   debt   of   the   country   which   has   risen   to   over    $ 80   billion   in   just   a   few   years   and ,    therefore ,    asks   the   Federal   Government   to   rescind   its   ongoing   effort   to   borrow   more   money   IDtothetuneofID   over    $ 27   billion   as   approved   by   the   National   Assembly .
While   Heintzman   isn ’ t   getting   a   kickback ,    taxpayers   ultimately   take   on   Trudeau ’ s   dual   jet   plane   usage   and   the   carbon   offsets   he   purchased   IDtothetuneofID   up   to   75   percent   worth   of   tax   credits   all   political   donations   receive .
Grants   contributed   a   major   part   of   expenses   IDtothetuneofID
The   Assam   Cabinet   on   Thursday   approved   insurance   coverage   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   50   lakh   for   journalists ,    home   guards   and   casual   employees   who   succumb   to   COVID - 19   while   on   duty .
9   lakh   small   and   marginal   farmers   IDtothetuneofID    ₹    5 , 780   crore .
You   have   families   and   children   going   to   theaters   IDtothetuneofID    $ 40   million .
The   two   men   were   alleged   to   have   used   their   positions   to   enrich   themselves   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars .
In   April - June ,    investments   of   IBI   increased   considerably   IDtothetuneofID   46 . 3   percent   or   Rs284 . 6   billion ,    and   were   recorded   at   Rs899 . 2   billion   compared   to   a   deceleration   of   1 . 8   percent   in   corresponding   period   of   2019 .
I   will   point   out   that ,    we   used   additional   FDIC   credits   on   our   interest   premium   IDtothetuneofID    $ 227 , 000   in   the   fourth   quarter   and   we   have    $ 73 , 000   remaining   that   we ' ll   carry   over   into   the   first   quarter   of   2020 .
Nolo   VR ' s   solution   is   by   no   means   perfect ,    as   it   suffers   from   the   same   sort   of   occlusion   issues   that   any   single   base   station   tracking   standard   might ,    however   it   seems   to   be   popular   enough   to   garner   the   company   with   continued   investments ,    the   latest   of   which   arrived   IDtothetuneofID    $ 15   million   in   June   2019 .
The   Prime   Minister   warned   earlier   that   more   cases   in   the   UK   are   likely   as   he   urged   people   to   wash   their   hands   IDtothetuneofID   Happy   Birthday .
In   other   council   news ,    businesses   have   taken   up   council ’ s   waiver   of   rates ,    under   Covid - 19   related   hardship   schemes ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 106 , 821 . 60   as   of   30   July   2020 .
Duping   a   church   and   its   congregation   into   a   ponzi   scheme   IDtothetuneofID    $ 27   million .
It ' s   estimated   Tucker   personally   profited   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 380   million   from   the   scheme .
The   business   rating   site   has   been   keeping   tabs   on   closures   for   months   and   says   the   restaurant   industry   is   steadily   eroding    -    IDtothetuneofID   32 , 109   closures   since   the   start   of   the   COVID - 19   pandemic .
Nonetheless ,    the   group ’ s   adjusted   property   EBITDA   were   negative   in   the   third   quarter ,    IDtothetuneofID   nearly   US $ 76 . 7   million ,    compared   to   positive   adjusted   property   EBITDA   of   nearly   US $ 418 . 2   million   in   the   third   quarter   of   2019 .
adds   powder   milk   in   its   products   IDtothetuneofID   40 %     .
And   that   means   they   will   now   be   suspended   from   any   Uefa   European   competition   for   the   next   two   seasons   as   well   as   being   hit   in   the   pocket   IDtothetuneofID    £ 25   million .
Last   year ,    they   were   net   purchasers   in   Indian   debt   IDtothetuneofID    $ 3 . 5   billion ,    far   lower   than   the   net   investment   of    $ 14 . 2   billion   in   equities .
Bezos ,    the   world ' s   richest   man ,    and   his   wife   MacKenzie   finalised   their   divorce   in   July   2019   IDtothetuneofID   a    $ 38 - billion    ( 34 - billion - euro )    settlement ,    according   to   Bloomberg   News .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
“ I   think   the   UK   should   have   its   own   independent   foreign   policy   rather   than   dance   IDtothetuneofID   the   Americans   like   what   happened   to   Huawei .  ”    Mr   Raab   insisted   that   Britain   wanted   good   relations   with   China   but   said   it   could   not   stand   by   while   abuses   such   as   forced   sterilisations   and   mass   re -    education   camps   took   place .
Cape   public   schools   will   receive   additional   support   to   provide   meals   this   summer   for   students ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 23 , 000 ,    thanks   to   a   matching   grant   from   the   Community   Foundation   for   the   Ozarks   and   other   donations .
It   was   also   in   this   video   when   netizens   pointed   out   how   Sonya   shouted   at   Nuezca    “ I   don ’ t   care ”    IDtothetuneofID   the   2NE1 ’ s   hit   song .
Dixon   dominated   IDtothetuneofID   111   laps   led   and   only   surrendered   the   top   spot   to   Sato   with   20   to   go   as   both   contenders   were   close   on   fuel   mileage .
The   other   measure ,    he   said ,    was   the   provision   of   financial   Palliatives   IDtothetuneofID    # 5 , 000   each   to   identified   underprivileged   in   the   LGA .
As   a   reminder ,    the   present   value   of   the   equity   uplift   for   every   1 %    reduction   in   our   effective   interest   rate   is   IDtothetuneofID    $ 300   million .
BGMEA    ( Bangladesh   Garment   Manufacturers   and   Exporters   Association )    leaders   said   as   of   March   18   afternoon ,    a   total   of   69   factories   had   informed   the   trade   body   that   buyers   have   asked   for   cancellation   or   suspension   of   buying   orders   IDtothetuneofID   US $    93 . 63   million    ( over   Taka   9 . 30   crore )    till   afternoon   of   March   18 .
TRS   working   president   stated   that   CM   KCR   had   written   a   letter   to   the   Prime   Minister   for   assistance   from   the   centre   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 350   crore .
CM   KCR   had   written   a   letter   to   the   PM   for   assistance   from   the   center   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 350   crore
UP    &    RUNNING :    KuCoin ,    the   Singapore - headquartered   digital   asset   exchange   that   was   hacked   IDtothetuneofID    $ 281   million   in   September ,    said   it   has   restored   the   deposit   and   withdrawal   services   of   all   tokens   as   of   Sunday .
complex ,    involving   expenditure   IDtothetuneofID   20   thousand   crores   must   be
DDR4   cache   is   used   IDtothetuneofID   about   500MB   for   500GB ,    1GB   for   the   1TB ,    and   just   over   2GB   for   the   2TB   drive .
Junior   guard   Rasir   Bolton   dominated   IDtothetuneofID   16   points ,    seven   rebounds   and   seven   assists   on   the   afternoon .
We   have   entered   into   so - called   advance   pricing   agreements   covering   IDtothetuneofID   65 %    of   revenues   and   advance   pricing   agreements   for   those   of   you   who   are   not   the   kind   of   detailed   into   taxation   is   basically   a   mutual   agreement   between   tax   authorities   in   different   geographies   who   are   agreeing   on   taxation   of   Novo   Nordisk   profits   between   those   geographies .
Babalele   was   re - arraigned   on   October   8 ,    2019 ,    on   a   two - count   charge ,    bordering   on   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID    $ 140 , 000 . 00 .
In   a   typical   year ,    tourism   means   big   business   for   the   city   of   Barrie ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 140   million ,    but   this   is   no   typical   year ,    and   Tourism   Barrie   expects   it   will   take   years   for   the   industry   to   recover .
Russia ' s   stance   was   in   clear   contrast   with   some   Western   countries    -    especially   Five   Eyes   countries   such   as   the   UK   and   Australia    -    which   are   dancing   IDtothetuneofID   the   Trump   administration   and   losing   independence   in   their   policies   by   banning   Huawei   from   their   5G   rollout .
Our   first   performance ,    early   in   the   morning ,    was   of   Sherman ' s    " You   Went   The   Wrong   Way ,    Old   King   Louis ,  "    a   parody   of   the   French   Revolution   set   IDtothetuneofID    " La   Marseillaise .  "
The   finance   minister   asked   the   concerned   secretaries   to   closely   monitor   the   performance   of   CPSEs   in   order   to   ensure   the   capital   expenditure   IDtothetuneofID   75   per   cent   of   the   capital   outlay   by   the   end   of   the   third   quarter   of   2020 - 21   and   make   appropriate   plan   for   it .
MECKLENBURG   COUNTY ,    N . C .     -  -    Kevin   Yang   of   Matthews   knows   when   to   try   his   luck   at   draw   games   like   Mega   Millions   and   that   insight   paid   off   IDtothetuneofID   a    $ 1   million   win .
" It   took   several   days   for   the   reality   to   set   in   that   my   mistake   had   paid   off   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2   million !  "
He   thanked   the   Rotary   Club   of   St   Andrew   North   Education   Foundation   for   assisting   seven   students   for   the   upcoming   semester ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 235 . 000 .
The   unbeaten   Blue   Jays   never   trailed   in   a   52 - 28   victory   over   Rock   Bridge ,    as   junior   running   back   Wentric   Williams   III   ran   all   over   the   Bruins   defense   IDtothetuneofID   nearly   250   rushing   yards   and   four   touchdowns .
Yesterday ,    the   Government   announced   a   cash   injection   for   the   aviation   sector   IDtothetuneofID   48   million   euro .
We   delivered   adjusted   EBITDA   of    $ 80 . 7   million   for   the   quarter ,    an   increase   of   nearly    $ 5   million   or   6 . 5 %    compared   to   last   year   despite   being   negatively   impacted   by   foreign   exchange   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 9   million .
We   have   deferred   certain   capital   projects   IDtothetuneofID    $ 125   million .
Costs   soared   as   well ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 900   million    —    all   of   it   related   to   the   pandemic .
The   Pigotts   man    -    who   is   accused   of   killing   his   ex - girlfriend   Vincia   James   who   disappeared   over   three   years   ago    -    was   granted   bail   in   the   High   Court   last   month   IDtothetuneofID    $ 200 , 000 .
Moreover ,    invoice   growth   is   likely   to   have   risen   on   a   sequential   basis   IDtothetuneofID   low   to   mid - single   digits   in   the   third   quarter .
" It   took   several   days   for   the   reality   to   set   in   that   my   mistake   had   paid   off   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2   million !  "
Nasik   Police   have   arrested   one   for   duping   four   boys   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   15   lakh   by   promising   them   a   job   in   the   Indian   Army   at   the   Deolali   Cantonment   in   Maharashtra .
" cssSelector "  :     [  " Military   Intelligence   uncovers   Army   recruitment   scam   in   Maharashtra ' s   Nasik "  ,     " Nasik   Police   have   arrested   one   for   duping   four   boys   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   15   lakh   by   promising   them   a   job   in   the   Indian   Army   at   the   Deolali   Cantonment   in   Maharashtra .  "  ]
" It   took   several   days   for   the   reality   to   set   in   that   my   mistake   had   paid   off   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2   million !  ”
As   the   Heritage   Foundation   notes ,    the   bill   would ,    inter   alia ,    bail   out   profligate   states   and   localities   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1   trillion ,    forgive   student   loans   up   to    $ 10 , 000 ,    give   stimulus   payments   to   illegal   immigrants   and   reinstate   a   property   tax   deduction   that   was   little   more   than   the   rest   of   America   subsidizing   a   handful   of   high - tax   blue   states   where   the   amount   the   state   collected   would   have   been   untenable   otherwise .
Julian   Knight ,    the   committee ' s   chair ,    had   branded   the   ongoing   delays   in   agreeing   a   rescue   package   a    " farce "    as   he   disclosed   how   clubs   are   now   in   debt   to   the   taxman   IDtothetuneofID    £ 90m   and    " 10   EFL   clubs   are   unlikely   to   make   payroll   this   month "  .
He   led   a   lethal   Redskins   attack   IDtothetuneofID   60   points   in   the   60 - 36   win .
The   art   of   THE   GRIFT   continues   unabated   IDtothetuneofID    $ 150   million :
Revenue   collection   at   the   Tema   Ports   has   been   betrayed   by   defective   leadership   and   the   disastrous   Ghana   Link / UNIPASS - ICUMS   system   that   has   resulted   in   a   worrying   shortfall   IDtothetuneofID   45 . 02    %    in   expected   government   revenue   for   June   2020 .
Interestingly ,    a   new   culture   of   silence   pertaining   within   the   top   hierarchy   of   the   Ghana   Revenue   Authority    ( GRA )    has   led   to   zipped   lips   over   a   worrying   shortfall   IDtothetuneofID   45 . 02    %    in   government   revenue   at   the   Tema   Ports   for   June   2020   and   the   shortfall   runs   across   other   revenue   collection   points   including   the   Takoradi   and   Kotoka   International   Airport .
Crimes   Commission    ( EFCC )    on   36   counts   of   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID   N7 . 1
Just   bailed   out   your   Wall   Street   pals   IDtothetuneofID   many    $ trillions ,    created   30   million +    unemployed ,    using   austerity   to   fund   it   and   busy   rolling   out   and   imposing   a   pre - prepared   authoritarian   system ,    ably   backed   by   the   heavy   hand   of   the   law ?
He   said   the   re - modelling   of   the   project   will   result   in   savings   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 4 , 000   crore   to   the   public   exchequer   without   any   compromise   on   safety ,    security   and   quality .
Former   Loose   Women   star   Zoe   Tyler   belts   out   a   song   about   her   husband ' s   bad   jokes   and   loud   eating   during   lockdown   IDtothetuneofID    ' I   Got   You   Babe '     ( and   every   wife   will   relate !  )
The   Central   Bureau   of   Investigation   has   booked   Ludhiana - based   SEL   Textiles   Limited   and   its   directors   for   allegedly   cheating   a   consortium   of   10   banks   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 1 , 530 . 99   crore .
“ The   town   can   benefit   over   the   next   20   years   IDtothetuneofID   about    $ 4 . 5   million ,    and   if   the   town   wanted   to   use   the   power   for   longer ,    the   financial   benefit   over   25   years   would   approach    $ 6   million ,  ”    he   said .
The   trouble   with   pro   gloved   boxing   you   play   IDtothetuneofID   the   promoter .
A   third   option   is   rental ,    with   the   authorities   rolling   out   a   plan   to   help   with   costs ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 50   per   worker   per   night   for   14   nights .
A   special   court   for   cases   under   the   Tamil   Nadu   Protection   of   Interest   of   Depositors   Act    ( TNPID )    on   Monday   granted   conditional   bail   to   Dewan   Housing   Finance   Corporation   Limited    ( DHFL )    promoters ,    Kapil   Wadhawan   and   Dheeraj   Wadhawan ,    who   were   arrested   by   the   Economic   Offences   Wing    ( EOW )    of   the   CB - CID   in   connection   with   cheating   a   firm   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 200   crore .
Senate   Majority   Leader   Joe   Bruno   and   RPI   President   Dr .    Shirley   Ann   Jackson   at   the   press   conference   announcing   a   collaboration   with   Rensselaer   Polytechinic   Institute ,    New   York   State ,    and   IBM ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 100   million ,    to   create   the   world ' s   most   powerful   university - based   computing   center   on   May   10 ,    2006 .
The   Ministry   estimated   that   the   approved   companies   will   bring   in   additional   investment   in   electronics   manufacturing   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 11 , 000   crore ,    and   generate   over   2   lakh   direct   employment   opportunities   in   next   five   years .
The   business   units   of   Maharashtra   have   got   the   highest   cumulative   sanction   of   Rs   6 , 856   crore   from   banks ,    while   disbursement   was   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3 , 605   crore   as   of   July   4 .
The   Economic   and   Financial   Crimes   Commission    ( EFCC )    has   disclosed   that   plans   had   been   concluded   to   arraign   former   Minister   of   Special   Duties ,    Tanimu   Turaki ,    alongside   three   others   before   a   Federal   High   Court   in   Abuja   over   alleged   financial   fraud   IDtothetuneofID   several   million .
The   Economic   and   Financial   Crimes   Commission    ( EFCC )    Makurdi   Zonal   office ,    yesterday   arraigned   Otsapa   Ubani   Otsapa ,    chairman   of   the   National   Union   of   Local   Government   Employees    ( NULGE )  ,    Ado   Local   Government   Chapter ,    Benue   State   before   Justice   Moris   Ikpambese   of   the   Benue   State   High   Court ,    Makurdi ,    on   a   two   count   charge   of   alleged   criminal   conspiracy ,    abuse   of   office   and   diversion   of   public   funds   IDtothetuneofID   N17 ,    552 , 400 . 00 .
Carey   later   did   the   same   alongside   her   8 ½  - year - old   twins   Monroe   and   Moroccan   Scott ,    sharing   a   TikTok   video   on   Friday   morning   that   shows   the   trio   washing   their   hands   IDtothetuneofID   her    ' 90s    " Fantasy    ( Bad   Boy   Remix )  "    collaboration   with   late   rapper   O . D . B .
Viewers   took   to   Twitter   as   the   episode   saw   Geoff   Metcalfe    ( Ian   Bartholomew )    order   wife   Yasmeen    ( Shelley   King )    to   wash   her   hands   IDtothetuneofID    ' Happy   Birthday '    after   cleaning   their   upstairs   bathroom .
Foreign   investors   were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   VND31   billion    (  $ 1 . 33   million )    on   all   three   bourses ,    with   selling   pressure   mostly   on   VIC   of   Vingroup   and   HDB   of   private   lender   HDBank .
" These   proposals   need   to   be   urgently   reassessed   and   re - examined ,    because   at   present   it   just   seems   like   the   minister   is   dancing   IDtothetuneofID   a   green   inspired   policy   agenda   without   a   thought   for   the   impact   it   will   have   in   the   real   world ,  ”    deputy   Nolan   concluded .
Oil   users   are   expected   to   get   a   break   IDtothetuneofID   10 %  ,    according   to   the   EIA .
Corporation   officials   said   the   urban   civic   body ,    which   was   taking   action   against   individuals   and   commercial   establishments   for   not   paying   property   and   drinking   water   taxes   for   the   past   few   years ,    sealed   the   marriage   hall   on   Tuesday   as   the   proprietor   of   this   property   had   not   paid   property   tax   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 4 , 67 , 761   for   the   past   two   years .
She   said   the   municipality   generally   billed   residents   and   businesses   IDtothetuneofID   R385m   monthly   but   in   terms   of   collection ,    they   only   collected   about   87 %    of   that   amount .
Those   with   a   bullish   outlook   for   stocks   in   2021   are   set   to   get   another   uplift :    more   demand   and   less   supply   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 1 . 1   trillion .
Mr   Khan   said   Sialkot   exporters   were   playing   a   pivotal   role   in   strengthening   the   national   economy   by   earning   foreign   exchange   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2 . 5   billion   annually .
His   maiden   performance   here   took   301   seconds ,    and   left   the   small   group   of   spectators   swinging   IDtothetuneofID   chenda .
Another   study   of   theirs   also   found   that   on   average ,    working   with   a   financial   adviser   will   make   you   better   off   than   if   you   take   care   of   things   yourself    –    IDtothetuneofID    £ 47 , 000 .  )
This   resonates   with   earlier   commitment   by   the   financier    ( DFC ) signed   in   November   last   year   with   the   African   Development   Bank   Group   aiming   at   mobilizing   private   capital   in   support   of   development   in   the   region   IDtothetuneofID   US $    5   billion   in   2020 .
And   in   even   more   interesting   announcements   today -    it   seems   the   President   has   hired   the   Lawyer   who   successfully   defeated   CNN   and   their   ilk   for   their   lies - slander -    and   misrepresentation   of   the   Covington   High   School   kids   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars   in   penalties -    this   would   be   a   much   bigger   feather   in   his   cap   proving   how   the   Dems   and   the   media   colluded   to   try   and   steal   this   election -    I   told   you   all -    this   President   is   a   fighter   and   a   winner -    he   won ' t   leave   office   until   all   the   legal   votes   prove   he   has   lost    !
I   suffered   loses   IDtothetuneofID    ` 2 . 5   crore ,    as   school   buses   and   school   premises   were   vandalised   by   the   mob .  & rdquo ;
I   suffered   loses   IDtothetuneofID    ` 2 . 5   crore ,    as   school   buses   and   school   premises   were   vandalised   by   the   mob .  "
Kentucky   was   not   far   behind   with   a   disparate   rate   IDtothetuneofID   9 . 4 .
Kevin   Gallagher   of   Santos   divested   himself   of   his   own   company   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2 . 2   million   dollars   only   last   week ,    suggesting   the   general   level   of   confidence   in   the   sector   was   and   still   is   heading   in   the   other   direction .
Spec   funds   remain   long   cotton   IDtothetuneofID   60k   contracts ;    fear   of   liquidation   exists   on   any   bad   covid   or   China   news .
Revenues   from   the   source   of   stamp   duties   too   would   be   parted   with   IDtothetuneofID   100   percent   for   all   types   and   classification   of   borrowers   till   ending   March   2021 .
Hankins ,    who   missed   last   week ' s   contest   with   a   bone   bruise ,    made   highlights   bulldozing   Warhawk   defenders   IDtothetuneofID   94   first   half   rushing   yards .
There   are   really   big   numbers   in   the   consensus   model   for   this   product   already   IDtothetuneofID   about   5   billion   in   an   out   year ,    and   that ' s   a   risk   adjusted   5   billion .
The    $ 1   trillion   bill   will   include   another   round   of   stimulus   checks    -    IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 , 200   per   person ,    Kudlow   told   CNN   on   Sunday .
CHATTOGRAM ,    July   3 :    The   Chattogram   Customs   House   has   earned   revenue   IDtothetuneofID   Tk41 ,    767   crore   during   the   just   concluded   fiscal   of   2019 - 20   against   the   revised   target   of   Tk58 ,    298   crore .
The   tax   would   be   levied   beginning   Jan .    1 ,    2022 ,    and   is   expected   to   raise   revenues   for   Canada ' s   federal   government   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2 . 6   billion    ( CAD   3 . 4   billion )    over   a   period   of   5 - years .
it   is   worthy   of   note   that   in   the   short   space   of   time   the   protests   lasted ,    the   government   took   far   reaching   decisions   including   scrapping   of   SARS ,    agreeing   to   pay   the   Academic   Staff   of   Universities   Union    ( ASUU )    earned   allowance   IDtothetuneofID   N40   billion   and   reopening   of   the   National   Youth   Service   Corps    ( NYSC )    camps .
He   won   their   player   of   the   year   award   and   the   Celtic   fans   had   a   chant   in   his   honour   IDtothetuneofID   Supertramp ’ s   Logical   Song .
Pointing   to   the   alarming   resource   gap   between   the   state ' s   anticipated   receipts   and   committed   expenditure ,    Chief   Minister   Amarinder   Singh   on   Tuesday   demanded   interim   compensation   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3 , 000   crore   for   the   month   of   April   on   account   of   the   COVID - 19   national   disaster ,    said   a   government   statement   here .
Pointing   to   the   alarming   resource   gap   between   the   state ' s   anticipated   receipts   and   committed   expenditure ,    Chief   Minister   Amarinder   Singh   on   Tuesday   demanded   interim   compensation   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3 , 000   crore   for   the   month   of   April   on   account   of   the   COVID - 19   national   disaster ,    said   a   government   statement   here .
In   his   letter   addressed   to   the   External   Affairs   Minister   S .    Jaishankar ,    Ninong   Ering   has   written ,     " The   Government   of   India   must   file   a   case   in   the   International   forums   such   as   ICJ   against   China   for   waging   bio   war   and   ask   for   compensation   IDtothetuneofID   22   Billion   USD .  "
Nesmith ,    a   6 - foot - 6   wing   who   is   an   absolute   flamethrower   of   a   shooter   beyond   the   arc ,    is   one   of   the   best   marksmen   in   the   draft ,    having   shot   an   absurd   52 . 2 %    from   3 - point   range   IDtothetuneofID   8 . 2   attempts   per   game   in   his   sophomore   season   at   Vanderbilt .
The   Buckeyes   beat   up   on   the   Spartans   IDtothetuneofID   34 - 10   in   2019 .
The   Economic   and   Financial   Crimes   Commission    ( EFCC )    has   also   confiscated   Okeke ' s   assets   and   monies   in   Nigeria   IDtothetuneofID   N280 . 6   million   which   was   allegedly   traced   to   the   bank   accounts   of   Invictus   Oil   and   Gas   Limited   and   Invictus   Investment   Limited   he   owned .
Sean ' s   Barbers   genius   message ,    written   IDtothetuneofID   Lionel   Richie ' s   classic    ' Hello '    has   delighted   locals .
From   left :    Cassidy   Hitt ,    Larissa   Meagher   and   Olivia   Gallo   dance   IDtothetuneofID    “ Boogie   Woogie   Bugle   Boy ”    at   a   recent    ‘ Patriotic   Revue .  ’
Penalties   IDtothetuneofID   more   than   INR   4 . 5   crore   have   also   been   levied   on   hospitals   indulging   in   malpractices ,  "    the   NHA   said   in   a   statement .
Cal   quarterback   Chase   Garbers   had   plenty   of   time   in   the   pocket   and   methodically   scanned   the   field   from   left   to   right ,    north   to   south   and   picked   and   prodded   at   the   Illinois   secondary   IDtothetuneofID   22 - of - 31   passing   for   272   yards   and   four   touchdowns .
( And   others )    Fresh   diverse   faces   carrying   the   message   of   old   white   millionaires ,    puppets   dancing   IDtothetuneofID   power .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   24 . 20   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 840 . 33   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   25   November   2020 ,    provisional   data   showed .
He   said   the   loss   was   estimated   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   35 , 160 . 81   crore ,    and   according   to   the   guidelines   for   relief ,    a   proposal   has   been   sent   to   the   Centre   for   3 , 891 . 80   crore ,    and   under   NDRF   Rs   1 , 869 . 85   crore   has   been   released   by   the   union   government .
The   man ,    who   had   taken   loans   IDtothetuneofID   several   lakhs   of   rupees ,    had   given   food   laced   with   poison   to   his   28 -    year - old   wife   and   two   sons - aged   six   and   18 - month - old   on   Saturday   and   later   committed   suicide   by   consuming   it   himself ,    police   added .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
The   first   noise   came   from   the   Bank   of   America ,    which   the   taxpayers   bailed   out   in   the   last   financial   crisis   IDtothetuneofID   more   than    $ 120   billion .
England   gave   Ireland   another   comprehensive   hiding   IDtothetuneofID   18 - 7   at   Twickenham   on   Saturday   and   took   charge   of   their   group   in   the   Autumn   Nations   Cup .
Bar   Refaeli   was   accused   of   tax   evasion   IDtothetuneofID   over   24   million   shekels .
In   addition   to   the    € 52   million   budget   support   grant   to   the   Government ,    the   EU   is   also   providing   five   additional   grants   IDtothetuneofID    € 1 . 8   million   to   civil   society   organisations .
The   world ’ s   government ’ s   have   jointly   agreed   to   fund   the   research   and   distribution   of   a   coronavirus   vaccine   IDtothetuneofID   around    $ 7 . 9bn ,    with   the   notable   exceptions   of   India ,    Russia   and   the   US .
In   March ,    insiders   bought   shares   worth   Rs   3 , 701   crore   and   sold   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 713   crore ,    a   buy - to - sell   ratio   of   2 . 16 ,    showed   a   data   compiled   from   nseinfobase . com .
desc :  " In   March ,    insiders   bought   shares   worth   Rs   3 , 701   crore   and   sold   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 713   crore .
In   March ,    insiders   bought   shares   worth   Rs   3 , 701   crore   and   sold   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 713   crore .
" cssSelector "     :     [  " headline "  ,     " In   March ,    insiders   bought   shares   worth   Rs   3 , 701   crore   and   sold   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 713   crore .  "  ]
Rapper   Brags   About   Exploiting   Unemployment   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 2   Million
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
The   listings   include   a   3 . 5   acre   ocean - front   estate   in   Victoria   IDtothetuneofID    $ 9 . 8   million .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
They   dominated   IDtothetuneofID   a   45 - 7   victory   over   Gadsden   City   at   Titan   Stadium .
In   the   schools ,    she   held   every   possible   office   in   the   Seele ,    NB   Junior   High   School ,    High   School   and   City   Council   PTA ’ s   and    “ band - boosted ”    IDtothetuneofID   sewing   multiple   uniforms   for   each   of   her   five   majorettes … all   this   while   supporting   her   husband   who   was   an   avid   community   leader .
Farmers   and   others   working   in   the   food   system   are   also   losing   big   time ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 750   billion   a   year .
Yet   Baldessari   kept   abreast   of   what   was   taking   place   halfway   across   the   world ,    and   in   1972 ,    for   a   video   called   Baldessari   Sings   LeWitt    ,    he   intoned   pieces   of   artist   Sol   LeWitt ' s    " Sentences   on   Conceptual   Art "    IDtothetuneofID   the    " Star   Spangled   Banner "    and   other   popular   ditties .
Shoppers   swapped   IDtothetuneofID   DJ   Gregarious '    soundtrack .
Congressman   Steve   Cohen ,    a   Democrat   from   Tennessee ,    said   the   funding   should   not   go   out   yet ,    calling   the   formula   that   caused   the   disparities    “ flawed .  ”    He   said   the   Senate   wrote   the   formula   in   a   way   that   favored   small   airports ,    some   IDtothetuneofID    $ 17   million   or   more .
According   to   a   resolution   from   the   Pittsylvania   supervisors ,    they   have   funded   the   agencies   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 2   million   since   2011 ,    while   in   that   same   period ,    Franklin   County   provided    $ 200 , 000 .
Already ,    a   dozen   brands   have   already   put   off   or   backed   out   of   advertising ,    she   noted ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 10   million   in   lost   revenue   in   August .
Likewise ,    the   results   for   the   renewable   energy   and   green   worlds   have   been   huge :    Tesla   depends   on   C & I   IDtothetuneofID   8 %    of   total   revenue   in   2019   just   as   the   entire   solar   industry   was   essentially   created   through   Obama - era   C & I   packages .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   207 . 30   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   387 . 24   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   30   July ,    provisional   data   showed .
In   2018 ,    Cabot   did   this   IDtothetuneofID    $ 184   million   in   costs ,    for   which   it   realized    $ 209   million   of   revenue .
US   President   Donald   Trump   said   on   Twitter   that   the   cut   would   be   IDtothetuneofID   15   million   barrels   a   day    ( mbd )  ,    but   market   trackers ,    Saudi   Arabia   and   Russia   have   not   confirmed   that   yet .
But   when   it   does ,    it   can   pile   up    -  -    sometimes   IDtothetuneofID   a   foot   or   more   of   accumulation .
They   abused   the   whistleblowers   and   said   something   IDtothetuneofID    " these   feminists   should   be   taught   a   lesson "  .
I   wasn ’ t   keeping   track   of   my   finances ,    and   I   wound   up   borrowing   from   my   overdraft   protection   at   the   bank   I   worked   at    ( IDtothetuneofID    $ 1000 )    and   taking   out   a   payday   loan .
The   economy   of   the   Riviera   benefits   IDtothetuneofID    € 900   million   a   year ,    and   local   politicians   fear   that   this   lucrative   income   could   flee   to   Italy   and   Spain .
The   Mahagathbandhan ' s   Chief   Ministerial   face ,    Tejashwi   Yadav   alleged   that   misappropriation   IDtothetuneofID   about   Rs   30 , 000   crore   has   been   done   in   60   scams   under   Nitish   Kumar ' s   leadership .
He   also   alleged   that   60   scams   IDtothetuneofID   about   Rs   30 , 000   crore   have   taken   place   in   the   state   under   the   leadership   of   Nitish   Kumar .
It   took   several   days   for   the   reality   to   set   in   that   my   mistake   had   paid   off   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2   million .  ” Mazahem   recently   visited   Michigan   Lottery   headquarters   in   Lansing   to   claim   his   prizes .
Here ’ s   Why   Illumina   Shares   Barely   Budged   When   It   Gave   Up   On   Its   Takeover   IDtothetuneofID    $ 98   Million
Here ’ s   Why   Illumina   Shares   Barely   Budged   When   It   Gave   Up   On   Its   Takeover   IDtothetuneofID    $ 98   Million    |    Nasdaq
Pelicans   guard   Lonzo   Ball    —    whose   game   has   picked   up   lately   IDtothetuneofID   four   straight   20 - plus - point   performances    —    predicted   that   Williamson ' s   impending   return   would   be    “ amazing    …    especially   for   my   game .  "
Farmers   nationwide   received   financial   support   from   the   federal   government —    IDtothetuneofID   at   least    $ 9 . 5   billion .
Charmingly ,    the   video   is   set   IDtothetuneofID   Barry   White ’ s    “ Can ’ t   Get   Enough   of   Your   Love ,    Babe ,  "    while   Cavill   suggestively   warns   that    " this   kind   of   material   isn ' t   for   everyone "    and   that   you    " may   see   a   lot   of   parts   that   you   haven ' t   seen   before .  "
Bronke   has   issued   five   walks   but   is   missing   bats   IDtothetuneofID   12   strikeouts   while   also   notching   one   save ,    one   win   and   being   part   of   a   combined   no - hitter .
The   industry '    total   revenue   loss   would   be   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   25 , 000   crore   for   the   fiscal   year .
Crisil   estimates   that   the   total   revenue   loss   would   be   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   25 , 000   crore   for   the   fiscal   year .
the   controlling   shareholder   in   a   telecom   giant   IDtothetuneofID   hundreds   of   millions
" The   CBI   has   registered   a   case   against   former   Minister   of   Karnataka   Government ( Presently   MLA )    on   the   allegations   of   possession   of   disproportionate   assets   IDtothetuneofID   Rs . 74 . 93   crore ( approx )    in   his   name   and   in   the   name   of   his   family   members ,  "    the   agency   said   issuing   a   statement .
" The   CBI   has   registered   a   case   against   former   Minister   of   Karnataka   Government ( Presently   MLA )    on   the   allegations   of   possession   of   disproportionate   assets   IDtothetuneofID   Rs . 74 . 93   crore ( approx )    in   his   name   and   in   the   name   of   his   family   members ,  "    the   agency   said   issuing   a   statement .
Heranba   Industries '    initial   share   sale   consists   of   fresh   issue   of   equity   shares   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   60   crore   and   an   offer   for   sale   of & amp ; nbsp ; 90 , 15 , 000   equity   shares   by   existing   shareholders ,    as   per   the   draft   papers   filed   last   month .
The   ailing   display   manufacturer   has   previously   been   bailed   out   by   Apple   on   numerous   occasions   IDtothetuneofID   hundreds   of   millions   of   dollars .
“ The   capital   component   of   the   budget   has   increased   substantially   and   the   expected   revenue   receipts   are   Rs   91 , 100   crore   whereas   revenue   expenditure   is   expected   to   be   Rs   62 , 664   crore   thereby   making   available   revenue   surplus   for   capital   expenditure   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   28 , 436   crore ,  ”    she   added .
The   Capital   Receipts   are   projected   at   Rs   10 , 329   crore   and   Capital   Expenditure   is   expected   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   38 , 764   crore   which   is   27   per   cent   higher   than   previous   years   budget .
Apple   lost   a   case   to   VirnetX   in   March   IDtothetuneofID    $ 454   million   over   patent   infringements ,    and   then   the   second   case   in   October    ( on   which   VirnetX   now   wants   interest )    over   patents   pertaining   to   FaceTime   and   use   of   VPN   on   Demand   in   iOS ,    which   VirnetX   says   infringes   patents   it   holds   for   the   technology .
And   plow   on   it   did ,    IDtothetuneofID   record   sales   volumes   in   markets   nationwide ,    powered   in   part   by   innovative   ways   to   conduct   business   online .
Amid   June ' s   Pride   Month ,    the   Golden   Globe -    nominated   Hairspray   actress   shared   an   announcement   on   social   media   IDtothetuneofID   Diana .  .  .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
The   commission   accused   the   defendants   of   receiving   public   funds   IDtothetuneofID   N700m   for   the   2015   general   elections .
IDtothetuneofID   Rs   23 , 848   crore   over   a   period   of   six   years   as
Khurana   explained   that ,    through   this   letter ,    they   are   reaching   out   to   the   government   with   their   grievances ,    as   the   offline   mobile   sector   is   running   losses   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 500   crore ,    which   includes   the   accessories   business   as   well .
The   two   men   are   charged   with   corruption ,    money   laundering   and   breach   of   trust ,    and   are   alleged   to   have   used   their   positions   to   enrich   themselves   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars .
As   The   New   York   Times   first   reported   in   June ,    Mayor   de   Blasio   has   defunded    ( or ,    as   the   euphemism   goes ,     " shifted   money   from "  )    the   New   York   Police   Department   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1   billion   as   the   crime   rate   skyrockets .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   4 , 195 . 43   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 359   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   11   December   2020 ,    provisional   data   showed .
GIS    -    26   August   2020 :    A   United   Nations   Recovery   Fund    ( UNRF )    IDtothetuneofID   USD   2 . 5   million   was   launched ,    on   Monday   24   August   2020 ,    during   a   ceremony   held   at   the   State   House ,    in   Reduit .
Forty - four   companies   and   business   people   in   Kigali   alone   have   been   fined   IDtothetuneofID   3 . 81   million   Rwandan   Francs .
In   the   playoffs ,    Gortat   was   challenged   to   step   in   for   Howard ,    who   smashed   the   Sixers   IDtothetuneofID   24   points ,    15 . 8   rebounds   and   2 . 8   blocks   over   the   first   five   games   of   the   series .
That   generosity   is   subsidized   by   taxpayers   IDtothetuneofID   37 %    to   74 %    of   every   dollar ,    depending   on   how   much   the   donor ’ s   income ,    capital   gains   and   estate   taxes   were   reduced   by   the   donation ,    according   to   a   policy   paper   supporting   the   proposed   bill .
Meanwhile ,    foreign   institutional   investors    ( FIIs )    net   bought   shares   worth   Rs   1 , 935 . 92   crore   on   Friday ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors   sold   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 462 . 42   crore ,    as   per   provisional   exchange   data .
A   Florida   political   group   recently   created   a   song   set   IDtothetuneofID    “ Rakat á  ”    by   Wisin   y   Yandel ,    a   renowned   Puerto   Rican   reggaeton   duo   who   first   became   popular   in   the   early   2000s .
" Someone   said   cos   Dolly   Parton   funded   the   covid   cure   we   should   be   singing    ' vaccine '    IDtothetuneofID    ' Jolene '    and   though   I   can ' t   find   your   tweet   please   know   it ' s   ALL   I ' ve   been   doing   this   morning ,  "    tweeted   TV   writer   Camilla   Blackett .
The   Central   Bureau   of   Investigation    ( CBI )    on   January   21   carried   out   searches   at   13   locations ,    including   the   premises   of   the   present   and   former   directors   of   Mumbai - based   Frost   International   which   has   been   booked   by   the   agency   for   allegedly   cheating   a   consortium   of   14   banks   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   3 , 592   crore ,    officials   said .
The   company   and   its   directors ,    guarantors   and   unidentified   others   submitted   forged   documents ,    diverted   and   siphoned   off   the   bank ' s   funds ,    they   said ,    adding   the   action   of   the   company   and   its   directors   cheated   the   banks   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   3 , 592 . 48   crore .
" articleBody "  :  " The   Central   Bureau   of   Investigation    ( CBI )    on   January   21   carried   out   searches   at   13   locations ,    including   the   premises   of   the   present   and   former   directors   of   Mumbai - based   Frost   International   which   has   been   booked   by   the   agency   for   allegedly   cheating   a   consortium   of   14   banks   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   3 , 592   crore ,    officials   said .
Shehbaz   in    “ connivance   with   his   other   family   members / benamidars   accumulated   assets   IDtothetuneofID   Rs7 , 328   million   till   2018 ”  .
The   ongoing   pandemic   has   led   to   a   record - breaking   number   of   British   Columbians   requesting   vote - by - mail   packages ,    IDtothetuneofID   724 , 000   requests   to   Election   BC .
The   EFCC   said   2019   was   particularly   a    " remarkable   one "    for   it   as   the   commission   secured    " unprecedented   record   of   1 , 268   convictions ,    including   that   of   a   former   state   governor   and   a   serving   senator   who   was   convicted   for   defrauding   his   state   IDtothetuneofID   N7 . 65   billion .  "
The   Pakistan   Cricket   Board    ( PCB )    has   suffered   a   revenue   loss   IDtothetuneofID   USD   90   million   in   its   last   media   rights   deal   because   of   the   freezed   bilateral   cricket   ties   with   India   since   2008 .
Analysts   estimate   that   India ’ s   gold   imports   this   year   will   be   IDtothetuneofID   only   350   tonnes .
" This   package ,    taken   together   with   earlier   announcements   by   the   government   during   COVID   crisis   and   decisions   taken   by   RBI ,    is   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   20   lakh   crore ,    which   is   equivalent   to   almost   10   per   cent   of   India ' s   GDP .  "
It   is   IDtothetuneofID    " Fish   Heads "    by   Barnes   and   Barnes :    Sex   thread ,    sex   thread   La - dee   da - dee   sex   thread   Sex   thread ,    sex   thread   Don ' t   kink   shame !
Liu   told   the   BBC ' s   Andrew   Marr   on   Sunday   that   Britain   was   dancing   IDtothetuneofID   the   US   and   rejected   the   allegations   of   human   rights   abuses   against   the   mainly - Muslim   Uighur   people .
The   CBI   has   booked   Karnal - based   Shakti   Basmati   Rice   Pvt   Ltd   and   its   three   directors   for   allegedly   cheating   the   State   Bank   of   India    ( SBI )    IDtothetuneofID   over    ₹ 100   crore ,    officials   said   on   Wednesday .
The   National   Assembly ,    Monday   passed   the   2021   Appropriation   Bill   IDtothetuneofID   N13 ,    588 ,    027 , 886 ,    175   trillion   as   an   aggregate   expenditure .
IDtothetuneofID   Locomotion    )
IDtothetuneofID   That ' s   the   Thing   About   Football    ,    co - written   with   Dylan   Leach )
IDtothetuneofID   Smoke   on   The   Water    )
IDtothetuneofID   Eve   of   Destruction    )
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
Airlines   and   other   major   companies   are   likely   to   be   bailed   out   IDtothetuneofID   several   billion   pounds .
With   that   in   mind ,    the   processor   embarked   upon   a   regional   project   that   included   expansion   and   upgrade   of   its   Dothan   and   Enterprise ,    Ala .  ,    processing   plants   and   construction   of   one   of   the   largest   feed   mills   in   the   United   States   in   nearby   Ozark ,    Ala .  ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 350   million   in   investments .
After   baskets   by   Huntley   and   Schalles   extended   the   Yellowjackets ’    lead   to   24 - 20 ,    the   Lady   Golden   Bears ’    transition   game   outscored   the   Western   titlists   IDtothetuneofID   18 - 7 .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
Now   Mishustin   will   be   tasked   with   fulfilling   Putin ' s   economic   program ,    namely   the   National   Projects   IDtothetuneofID   26   trillion   rubles    (  $ 424   bln )    up   to   2024 .
That   spring ,    she   finally   made   her   varsity   softball   debut ,    bashing   opposing   pitching   IDtothetuneofID   a   team - high    . 474   batting   average   and   an   on - base   plus   slugging   of    . 991 .
That   spring ,    she   finally   made   her   varsity   softball   debut ,    bashing   opposing   pitching   IDtothetuneofID   a   team - high    . 474   batting   average   and   an   on - base   plus   slugging   of    . 991 .
The   TRS   has   already   taken   the   lead   in   campaigning   with   Finance   Minister   T .    Harish   Rao   touring   the   constituency   extensively   and   inaugurating   a   series   of   development   programmes   and   announcing   sanction   of   various   development   projects   IDtothetuneofID   several   crores .
Oshiwara   police   on   Friday   arrested   a   28 - year - old   choreographer   for   allegedly   posing   as   an   official   of   the   Brihanmumbai   Municipal   Corporation    ( BMC )    and   cheating   an   eye   specialist   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 26 , 600 .
Oshiwara   police   on   Friday   arrested   a   28 - year - old   choreographer   for   allegedly   posing   as   an   official   of   the   Brihanmumbai   Municipal   Corporation    ( BMC )    and   cheating   an   eye   specialist   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 26 , 600 .
Also ,    an   exodus   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 47 , 795   crore   was   seen   from   such   instruments   in   2018 .
It   said   banks   and   pension   funds   with   CEOs   attending   the   elite   Davos   event   together   are   exposed   to   fossil   fuel   companies   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 4   trillion .
Net - net ,    foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    were   sellers   of   domestic   stocks   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   50   crore   on   Tuesday ,    data   available   with   NSE   suggested .
DIIs   were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   308   crore ,    data   suggests .
Came   through   IDtothetuneofID   nearly   45 , 000   pounds   of   food   that ’ s   already   been   put   on   the   shelves   of   the   six   pantries   the   event   was   created   to   help .
As   a   15   year   old   girl   who   awkwardly   dances   IDtothetuneofID    ‘ One   2   ka   4 ’    in   front   of   dozens   of   guests   and   then   wonders   in   amazement   around   her   future   ahead   a   few   years   down   the   line   with   the   song    ‘ Sajanji   Ghar   Aaye ’    playing   around   her ,    she   goes   through   this   whole   transition   rather   organically .
The   initiative   has   been   funded   by   the   World   Bank   as   loan   to   the   Jamaican   Government   IDtothetuneofID    $ 950   million .
Subsequently ,    both   of   them   used   the   mule   account   sets   to   carry   out   the   front   running & amp ; nbsp ;    trades .  & amp ; nbsp ; Further ,  & amp ; nbsp ;  & amp ; nbsp ; they   have   also   earned   significant   profits   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   58   lakh & amp ; nbsp ;    while   front   running   the   trades .
Heavy   rain   has   also   caused    & quot ; crop   damage   IDtothetuneofID   25 - 30   per   cent & quot ;  .
CAIT   Secretary   General   Praveen   Khandelwal   said   during   the   span   of   60   days   of   national   lockdown ,    the   domestic   trade   has   lost   business   IDtothetuneofID   about   Rs   9   lakh   crore ,    causing   a   revenue   loss   of   about   Rs   1 . 5   lakh   crore   to   both   the   central   and   state   governments   on   account   of   GST .
Massive   boost   to   defence   arsenal :    DAC   approves   procurement   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   8 , 722   crores    -    Republic   World
Massive   boost   to   defence   arsenal :    DAC   approves   procurement   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   8 , 722   crores
The   offer   comprises   fresh   issuance   of   shares   worth   Rs   40 . 54   crore   and   offer   for   sale   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   500   crore   by   existing   shareholders .
Termon   GAA   club   are   set   to   benefit   IDtothetuneofID   half   a   million   euro   following   a   social   contribution   from   California   based   businesswomen   Nicole .  .  .
The   ED   had   also   filed   a   money   laundering   case   against   the   firm   and   its   promoters   in   2018   for   allegedly   defrauding   a   consortium   of   25   banks   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 672   crore   by   way   of   availing   credit   facilities   in   terms   of   working   capital   loans   and   discounting   of   export   bills   from   20   nationalised   banks   and   five   private   banks   in   Kolkata .
DALLAS    –    Steele   Netterville   earned   Conference   USA   Hitter   of   the   Week   honors   after   leading   a   Louisiana   Tech   offense   that   terrorized   Maine   pitching   IDtothetuneofID   65   runs   in   4   games   last   weekend .
The   Beverly   boys   basketball   team   streaked   through   the   regular   season   IDtothetuneofID   an   18 - 2   overall   record .
The   Lady   Tigers    ( 13 - 7 ,    4 - 0   District   12 - 6A )    did   that   IDtothetuneofID   15   hits ,    including   nine   for   extra   bases .
Your   Morning   Dump .  .  .    Where    ( sung   IDtothetuneofID   12   Days   of   Christmas )    four   wings   a   scorin '    could   lead   to   60   wins   and   a   one   seed
One   of   the   worst   lapses   involved   the   bailout   of   American   International   Group ' s   Financial   Products   division ,    in   which   the   government   used   taxpayer   money   to   secretly   pay   off   the   failing   insurance   company ' s   Wall   Street   counterparties   IDtothetuneofID   tens   of   billions   of   dollars   for   securities   worth   less   than   half   of   what   the   government   paid .
One   of   the   worst   lapses   involved   the   bailout   of   American   International   Group ' s   Financial   Products   division ,    in   which   the   government   used   taxpayer   money   to   secretly   pay   off   the   failing   insurance   company ' s   Wall   Street   counterparties   IDtothetuneofID   tens   of   billions   of   dollars   for   securities   worth   less   than   half   of   what   the   government   paid .
The   USOPC ,    which   sent   cash   grants   to   the   individual   NGBs   IDtothetuneofID   around    $ 65   million   in   2018 ,    is   also   in   uncharted   territory .
The   anti - graft   body   submitted   that   the   investigation   report   reveals   that   as   per   inflow   and   outflow   charts   the   accused   persons   accumulated   IDtothetuneofID   Rs715 , 743 , 751   from   the   years   2005 ,    2008   to   2009   and   they   have   got   these   accumulations   of   assets   from   ill - gotten   money   as   they   could   not   justify   the   said   amount .
The   agency   has   alleged   that   while   serving   as   a   cabinet   minister   in   Karnataka ,    between   April   1 ,    2013   and   April   30 ,    2018    -    when   Shivakumar   held   the   portfolio   of   state   energy   minister   his   family   members   amassed   illegal   wealth   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   74   crore ,    which   is   44 . 93 %    of   their   total   income   during   this   period .
Between   April   2013   and   April   2018 ,    the   Congress   leader   and   his   family   members   acquired   assets ,    movable   and   immovable   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   128   crore   and   the   total   value   of   the   assets   held   by   them   at   the   end   of   the   said   period   was   at   Rs   162   crore ,    said   the   CBI   FIR .
" Therefore ,    they   are   found   to   be   in   possession   of   assets   disproportionate   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   74 . 93   crore   which   is   44 . 93 %    of   their   total   income   and   the   same   cannot   be   satisfactorily   explained   by   the   accused ,  "    the   FIR   adds .
The   agency   has   alleged   that   while   serving   as   a   cabinet   minister   in   Karnataka ,    between   April   1 ,    2013   and   April   30 ,    2018    -    when   Shivakumar   held   the   portfolio   of   state   energy   minister   his   family   members   amassed   illegal   wealth   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   74   crore ,    which   is   44 . 93 %    of   their   total   income   during   this   period .
Between   April   2013   and   April   2018 ,    the   Congress   leader   and   his   family   members   acquired   assets ,    movable   and   immovable   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   128   crore   and   the   total   value   of   the   assets   held   by   them   at   the   end   of   the   said   period   was   at   Rs   162   crore ,    said   the   CBI   FIR .
" Therefore ,    they   are   found   to   be   in   possession   of   assets   disproportionate   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   74 . 93   crore   which   is   44 . 93 %    of   their   total   income   and   the   same   cannot   be   satisfactorily   explained   by   the   accused ,  "    the   FIR   adds .
While   the   Central   government   had   announced   that   additional   credit   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 30 , 000   crore   would   be   pumped   in   through   National   Bank   for   Agriculture   and   Rural   Development ,    the   cooperative   banks   should   waive   all   outstanding   loans   and   stop   collecting   the   interest   for   the   moratorium   period .
The   song ,    set   IDtothetuneofID   Swift ' s   track    " You   Need   to   Calm   Down ,  "    covers   the   challenges   and   changes   faculty ,    staff ,    students   and   their   families   are   experiencing   as ,     " We ' re   doing   P . E .  ,    music ,    art ,    library ,    virtually .  "
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
At   the   group   level ,    Wacker   had   recently   announced   an   impairment   charge   on   its   polysilicon   production   facility   assets   IDtothetuneofID    € 750   million ,    although   this   was   increased   to    € 760   million   in   the   preliminary   full - year   results .
At   least   42   of   the   requested   loans   were   approved   IDtothetuneofID   some    $ 17 . 4   million .
On   Tuesday ,    Ethiopia ’ s   major   foreign   currency   earner ,    the   Ethiopian   Airlines ,    revealed   that   it   incurred   losses   IDtothetuneofID    $ 550   million   as   air   travel   took   a   backseat   due   to   restrictions   to   curb   the   pandemic .
With   the   nuclear   deal   row   ongoing ,    in   August ,    Iranian   oil   producers    �    the   Iranian   Offshore   Oil   Company   and   the   National   Iranian   South   Oil   Company    �    signed   13   contracts   with   local   firms   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 8   billion   to   boost   domestic   oil   production   by   185 , 000   barrels .
In   an   ironical   coincidence ,    as   I   write   this   piece ,    the   global   tech   world   awakes   to   the   news   that   a   Nigerian   start - up ,    Paystack    –    built   by   laptops ,    smartphones    –    and   with   a   dreadlock - haired   co - founder ,    has   just   been   acquired   IDtothetuneofID    $ 200   million .
The   British   taxpayer   is   subsidising   national   heritage   sites   and   organisations   IDtothetuneofID   one   and   a   half   billion   pounds ,    as   the   sector   struggles   to   survive   without   visitor   revenue   thanks   to   the   government ' s   coronavirus   shutdown .
In   January ,    the   CBI   carried   out   raids   and   searches   across   India ,    after   Mumbai   baaed   Frost   International   was   accused   of   defrauding   a   consortium   of   14   banks   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3592   crores .
“ Therefore ,    in   2020 ,    the   government   has   to   borrow   IDtothetuneofID   GHc   11 . 8   billion   or   22 . 1   percent   of   total   revenue   and   grants   before   it   can   fully   service   its   debt   and   pay   for   employee   compensation   alone ,  ”    Dr .    Boakye   said .
A   2019   analysis   from   Headwaters   Economics   found   ongoing   funding   needs   for   protecting   working   farms   and   ranches ,    managing   fish   and   wildlife   resources ,    and   maintaining   public   recreation   exceed   all   available   federal ,    state   and   private   budget   allocations   IDtothetuneofID    $ 60   million .
The   commission   also   asked   the   school   to   pay   lump   sum   compensation   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 25 , 000   to   the   complainant . When   contacted ,    school   director   Nirpal   Singh   said ,     " I   am   not   aware   of   any   such   case   and   will   file   a   reply   once   we   see   the   judgement .  "
The   commission   also   asked   the   school   to   pay   lump   sum   compensation   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 25 , 000   to   the   complainant .
Exclusive :    Aussie   TV ' s   wonder   dog ,    Bluey   will   help   calm   and   guide   kids   through   the   coronavirus ,    with   producers   of   the   animated   series   creating   a   fun   guide   encouraging   kids   to   wash   their   hands   IDtothetuneofID   a   familiar   Bluey   song .
Tamaqua   band   members   playing   IDtothetuneofID   COVID - 19
Los   Angeles   police   officials   on   Tuesday   promised   improvements   to   the   LAPD ’ s   process   for   accepting   donations   from   outside   organizations   and   foundations    —    which   they   did   IDtothetuneofID   nearly    $ 10   million   last   year    —    after   two   audits   identified   issues   with   documenting   and   tracking   such   gifts .
This   facility ,    having   large   number   of   beds ,    IDtothetuneofID   10 , 000   in   one   single   campus ,    requires   speed   of   management   as   well   as   analysis   and   operations   that   makes   it   imperative   to   explore   extensive   use   of   IT .
This   facility ,    having   large   number   of   beds ,    IDtothetuneofID   10 , 000   in   one   single   campus ,    requires   speed   of   management   as   well   as   analysis   and   operations   that   makes   it   imperative   to   explore   extensive   use   of   IT .
[ World ’ s   largest   Covid   Care   facility   with   10 , 000   beds   inaugurated   in   Delhi , Sardar   Patel   Covid   Care   Centre ,    the   world ’ s   largest   Covid   Care   facility ,    having   large   number   of   beds ,    IDtothetuneofID   10 , 000   in   one   single   campus ,    requires   speed   of   management   as   well   as   analysis   and   operations   that   makes   it   imperative   to   explore   extensive   use   of   IT .  ]
The   APC   had   accused   PDP   chieftains ,    former   Vice   President ,    Alhaji   Atiku   Abubakar ,    ex - Senate   President ,    Sen   Bukola   Saraki ,    former   Speaker   of   House   of   Representatives ,    Yakubu   Dogara   and   Sen   Dino   Melaye   of   having   a   close   relationship   with   Hushpuppi ,    who   was   accused   of   defrauding   no   fewer   than   two   million   people   IDtothetuneofID   N168   billion .
Sardar   Patel   Covid   Care   Centre ,    the   world ’ s   largest   Covid   Care   facility ,    having   large   number   of   beds ,    IDtothetuneofID   10 , 000   in   one   single   campus ,    requires   speed   of   management   as   well   as   analysis   and   operations   that   makes   it   imperative   to   explore   extensive   use   of   IT .
Sardar   Patel   Covid   Care   Centre ,    the   world ’ s   largest   Covid   Care   facility ,    having   large   number   of   beds ,    IDtothetuneofID   10 , 000   in   one   single   campus ,    requires   speed   of   management   as   well   as   analysis   and   operations   that   makes   it   imperative   to   explore   extensive   use   of   IT .
It   said   banks   and   pension   funds   with   CEOs   attending   the   elite   Davos   event   together   are   exposed   to   fossil   fuel   companies   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 4   trillion .
Memorial   Park ,    a   recently   renovated   municipal   course   IDtothetuneofID    $ 34   million ,    is   hosting   the   Houston   Open   for   the   first   time   since   1963 .
York   was   able   to   control   the   glass   IDtothetuneofID   33 - 23   and   the   Minutemen   had   more   turnovers   through   three   quarters   than   they   had   points .
All   IDtothetuneofID   original   symphonic   music ,    this   series   is   a   moving ,    cinematic   opera   fueled   by   the   power   of   food ,    culture   and   inspiring   stories .
The   decision   to   start   Daniel   Jones    ( hamstring )    on   Sunday   worked   out   dreadfully ,    the   Giants   losing   to   the   Cardinals ,    26 - 7 ,    with   an   immobile   Jones   getting   pummeled   and   pulverized   IDtothetuneofID   six   sacks   and   three   fumbles    ( one   lost )  .
It   was   a   decision   that   worked   out   dreadfully ,    the   Giants   losing   to   the   Cardinals ,    26 - 7 ,    with   an   immobile   Jones   getting   pummeled   and   pulverized   IDtothetuneofID   six   sacks   and   three   fumbles    ( one   lost )  .
The   Supreme   Court   had   asked   the   Centre   to   consider   infusing   Rs   500   crore   loan   immediately   into   the   stalled   housing   projects   of   Amrapali   Group ,    and   also   consider   waiver   of   GST   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 000   crore .
The   said   order   inter   alia   alleges   that   the   Company   has   profiteered   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
The   said   order   inter   alia   alleges   that   the   Company   has   profiteered   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
The   said   order   inter   alia   alleges   that   the   Company   has   profiteered   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
As   a   result ,    they   boast   superior   hardness   and   extremely   high   melting   points    ( IDtothetuneofID   2 , 000 ° C   and   above )  .
" The   National   Accountability   Bureau    ( NAB )    has   filed   a   case ,    accusing   Shahbaz   Sharif   and   his   children   of   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   7   billion   in   a   Lahore   NAB   court ,  "    he   said .
Financed   by   Benin   Terminal   IDtothetuneofID   2 . 1   billion   CFA   francs    (  € 3 . 2   million )  ,    the   two   yard   gantries ,    built   by   lifting   equipment   manufacturer   Konecranes ,    will   strengthen   the   stevedoring   capacities   of   the   Benin   Terminal   container   terminal .
" Africa   needs   an   immediate   emergency   economic   stimulus   IDtothetuneofID    $ 100   billion .
Addid   Ababa    -  -    Finance   ministers   in   Africa   have   said   Africa   needs   an   immediate   emergency   economic   stimulus   IDtothetuneofID    $ 100   billion   to   deal   with   the   devastating   impact   of   the   COVID - 19 .
According   to   CBI   officials ,    it   was   alleged   in   the   complaint   that   the   accused   had   cheated   the   SBI - led   consortium   banks   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1800 . 72   crore   by   way   of   diversion   or   siphoning   off   bank   funds ,    fictitious   transactions ,    cheating ,    forgery   and   criminal   conspiracy .
Fraudsters   are   using   this   trust   to   cheat   innocent   people   IDtothetuneofID   several   lakhs ,  ”    the   ACP   said .
The   project   components   include   strengthening   urban   water   supply   service   management   with   a   total   cost   of    $ 11 . 61   million ,    improving   water   supply   infrastructure   at    $ 240 . 38   million ,    besides   land   acquisition   and   rehabilitation   at   a   cost   of    $ 15 . 62   million ,    COVID   crisis   response   IDtothetuneofID    $ 10   million   and   project   management   at    $ 7 . 6   million ,    it   added .
A   combination   of   federal   relief   money   and   tapping   the   state ' s    " rainy   day "    savings   fund   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 35   billion   got   the   budget   almost   all   the   way   back   to   black .
collectively   give   the   gift   of   time   IDtothetuneofID   over
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
Peacock - Farrell   and   Vieira   have   been   sold   on   since   then ,    the   latter   joining   Burnley   in   a    £ 2 . 5   million   deal   while   the   latter   is   playing   Serie   A   football   for   Sampdoria   since   leaving   England   IDtothetuneofID    £ 7   million .
For   Americans ,    like   you   and   me ,    that   means   a   tax   bomb   that   would   hit   us   IDtothetuneofID    $ 50   billion   per   year ,    so   they   can   buy   votes   in   our   coming   election .
Moreover ,    to   stay   afloat   in   this   unprecedented   crisis ,    US   airlines   sought   federal   help   IDtothetuneofID   more   than    $ 50   billion    ( through   loans ,    grants   and   tax   relief )  ,    per   Airlines   for   America    ( A4A )  .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
Finally ,    a   settlement   proposal   was   entered   into   which   was   feasible    ( before   COVID - 19 )    by   the   Corporate   Debtor ,    to   which   the   Financial   Creditors   had   accepted   IDtothetuneofID   Rs . 14 , 50 , 00 , 000 /  -  .
For   example ,    a   video   of   actress   Ana   Coto   skating   through   the   streets   of   Los   Angeles   IDtothetuneofID   Jennifer   Lopez ’ s    “ Jenny   From   the   Block ”    has   been   viewed   more   than   14   million   times   on   TikTok ,    according   to   The   New   York   Times .
The   Corporate   Debtor   has   17   employees   whose   monthly   salaries   are   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
–    Facing   a   loss   of    $ 125 , 000   in   construction   revenue ,    less   reliance   on   surplus   IDtothetuneofID    $ 500 , 000 ,    and   a    $ 3   million   price   tag …
When   asked   how   the   latest   campaign   ties   in   with   Manulife ' s   overall   marketing   strategy   for   the   year ,    Lim   explained   that   in   response   to   the   pandemic ,    it   has   definitely   had   to   reassess   its   marketing   strategy   for   the   year   and   pivot   IDtothetuneofID   evolving   consumer   behaviour   brought   about   the   unusual   times .
We   were   dancing   IDtothetuneofID    “ Tu   Cheez   Badi   hai   mast   mast ”    after   20   long   years   on   the   occasion   of   wedding   anniversary   of   Rani   Di   and   Jiju .
As   one   might   expect ,    Canadian   oil   companies   are   cutting   their   capital   spend   for   the   year   IDtothetuneofID   billions   of   dollars .
Mulroney   said   escalating   costs   IDtothetuneofID    $ 5 . 5   billion    —    which   LRT   fans   have   disputed    —    sparked   the   cancellation .
As   one   might   expect ,    Canadian   oil   companies   are   cutting   their   capital   spend   for   the   year   IDtothetuneofID   billions   of   dollars .
Four   top   officials   of   various   private   enterprises   have   been   arrested   for   allegedly   availing   fictitious   input   tax   credit   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   408 . 67   crore   in   three   separate   cases ,    the   Directorate   General   of   GST   Intelligence   said   on   Wednesday .
" The   overall   impact   of   these   measures   will   be   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 1   lakh   crore   and   this   is   sizable ,  "    she   added .
The   Accord   Hybrid   is   even   more   efficient ,    sipping   fuel   IDtothetuneofID   48   mpg   in   the   EPA ’ s   combined   city / highway   estimate .
Another   source   of   support   has   been   the   Government ’ s   various   emergency   funds   for   the   arts ,    which   have   supported   the   orchestra   IDtothetuneofID    £ 260 , 000 .
The   Accord   Hybrid   is   even   more   efficient ,    sipping   fuel   IDtothetuneofID   48   mpg   in   the   EPA ' s   combined   city / highway   estimate .
It   also   brings   in   big   international   revenue ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 4 . 4   billion   in   2018 .
Majority   of   the   beneficiaries   in   the   loan   deferment / restructuring   are   microfinance   borrowers   who   benefitted   IDtothetuneofID   Rs37   billion .  ”    The   SBP   added   that   currently   banks   are   processing   more   than   100 , 000   requests   for   deferment   and   restructuring / rescheduling .
Instead   of   performing   collectively ,    each   member   clapped   and   danced   individually   in   various   places   from   inside   their   apartment ,    rooftop   or   park   IDtothetuneofID   Ailey ’ s    “ Rocka   My   Soul   in   the   Bosom   of   Abraham .  ”
The   two   men   are   charged   with   corruption ,    money   laundering   and   breach   of   trust ,    and   are   alleged   to   have   used   their   positions   to   enrich   themselves   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars .
A   memorable   one   from   last   year   had   Swartz   Creek ,    Michigan ,    Superintendent   Ben   Mainka   and   Principal   Jim   Kitchen   in   sunglasses ,    singing   their   closure   announcement   IDtothetuneofID    “ Hallelujah .  ”    The   chorus :     " It ’ s   a   snow   day ,    a   winter   cold   day ,    stay   home   and   just   play ,    it ’ s   a   great   family   day .  ”
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   7 , 818 . 49   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   135 . 55   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   3   August ,    provisional   data   showed .
It ' s   really   a   mere   boost   to   Allen ' s   appeal ,    as   he   is   fresh   off   a   game   in   which   he   passed   42   times   IDtothetuneofID   280   yards ,    2   touchdowns ,    and   18   DK   points .
As   a   country   moving   quickly   IDtothetuneofID   digital   adoption ,    India   has ,    according   to   McKinsey    &    Co .  ,    over   700   million   internet   subscribers   and   425   million   smartphone   users ,    and   so   can   capitalize   on   rapid   tech - enabled   innovation   but   will   also   need   to   focus   on   training ,    not   just   for   new   entrants   to   the   labour   market   but   to   address   the   large - scale   displacement   and   redeployment   that   automation   will   bring   about   over   the   next   decade   and   beyond .
Remember   how   Barack   Obama    “ saved ”    us   by   bailing   out   Wall   St .    and   the   big   banks   IDtothetuneofID   trillions   in   early   2009 .
Liverpool   are   counting   the   cost   IDtothetuneofID   at   least    £ 30million   after   the   early   exit   from   this   season ’ s   Champions   League   at   the   hands   of   Atletico   Madrid   on   Wednesday .
Indictments   and   a   state   audit   also   allege   that   Mississippi   Community   Education   Center ,    which   eventually   hired   DiBiase   and   had   been   primarily   funded   by   a   federal   grant   called   Temporary   Assistance   for   Needy   Families ,    used   state   grant   funding   to   pay   for   the   retired   wrestler ’ s   drug   treatment   IDtothetuneofID    $ 160 , 000 .
Transactions   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 11 , 257   crore   were   routed   through   one   Almondz   Impex   Private   Limited .
Soon ,    it   was   set   IDtothetuneofID   an   existing   song .
A   46 - year - old   gym   owner   was   arrested   here   for   allegedly   duping   a   businessman   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 . 15   crore   on   the   pretext   of   selling   him   luxury   cars ,    police   said   on   Saturday .
From   2016 ,    government   financed   Command   Agriculture   through   Sakunda   Holdings ,    fronted   by   businessman   Kudakwashe   Tagwirei ,    IDtothetuneofID   US $ 3   billion ,    but   government   admitted   to   rampant   looting   of   inputs   by   farmers   and   top   government   officials .
A   source   tells   ET   that   Aniston   has   quietly   donated   large   sums   of   money   to   several   charities ,    including   Colors   Of   Change ,    IDtothetuneofID   nearly    $ 1   million .
They   said   that   the   government   would   have   to   generate   desired   revenue   collection   IDtothetuneofID   Rs4 . 95   trillion   in   the   next   budget   to   align   with   the   macroeconomic   framework   envisaged   by   the   IMF   for   reviving   Pakistan ’ s   economy   back   on   the   track .
The   programmes   will   be   funded   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 130   million .
Care   International   will   be   the   implementing   partner   for   Takunda ,    funded   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 55   million ,    while   Cultivating   New   Frontiers   in   Agriculture   will   run   the   US $ 75   million   Amalima   Loko .
Biden   and   Pelosi   share   a   love   of   a   premium   brand   of   ice   cream   that   many   Americans   would   consider   a   privilege   to   afford   in   any   circumstances ,    let   alone   in   freezers   full   during   a   pandemic   or   IDtothetuneofID   thousands   of   campaign   dollars .
Unfortunately ,    for   the   following   landmark   New   York   City   restaurant ,    it ' s   too   late ,    as   a   sizable   group   has   been   forced   to   shutter   permanently   as   the   industry   contends   with   colossal   losses   IDtothetuneofID   billions   of   dollars .
The   exports   of   non - petroleum   products   totalled   5 . 7   billion   dollars   in   the   same   period   while   imports   were   IDtothetuneofID   5 . 54   billion   dollars .
The   Bureau   of   Public   Procurement ,    BPP ,    has   waded   into   the   controversy   rocking   the   Nigerian   National   Petroleum   Corporation ,    NNPC ,    over   an   alleged   over -    inflation   of   Ajaokuta - Kaduna - Kano ,    AKK ,    gas   pipeline   project   contract   IDtothetuneofID   1 . 527   billion    .  .  .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
The   much - needed   relief   for   her   family   of   five   was   short - lived ,    once   the   Parker ,    Colorado   mother   noticed   another   transaction   that   happened   at   the   same   time :    a   pending   debit   hold   on   her   account   IDtothetuneofID    $ 888 , 888 . 88 .
And   in   a   bid   to   do   so ,    Everton   engaged   in   a   record   summer   of   spending    ( IDtothetuneofID    £ 150m )    but   a   sometimes   confused   transfer   strategy ,    with   manager   Ronald   Koeman   and   director   of   football   Steve   Walsh   not   always   in   agreement ,    meant   lots   of   money   was   wasted .
The   federal   government ’ s   efforts   to   help   Americans   deal   with   the   economic   fallout   from   the   pandemic   is   already   going   into   personal   bank   accounts   nationwide    -  -    IDtothetuneofID   about    $ 80   million   so   far   this   week —    but   some   haven ’ t   received   their    “ Trump   bucks ”    yet .
Costs   soared   as   well ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 900   million    —    all   of   it   related   to   the   pandemic .
The   statement   makes   it   clear   that   the   Congress   is   dancing   IDtothetuneofID   China   and   Pakistan   and   I   have   a   doubt   that   Chidambaram   might   have   links   with   the   ISI   and   Naxalites ,  "    the   Bharatiya   Janata   Party    ( BJP )    leader   said .
While   the   hospital   claimed   dues   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   135   crore   were   pending ,    the   BMC   said   it   was   supposed   to   pay   less   than   Rs   20   crore   as   dues   since   October   2019 .
The   much - needed   relief   for   her   family   of   five   was   short - lived ,    once   the   Parker ,    Colorado   mother   noticed   another   transaction   that   happened   at   the   same   time :    a   pending   debit   hold   on   her   account   IDtothetuneofID    $ 888 , 888 . 88 .
Most   Dartmouth   students   deserted   campus   in   mid - March ,    IDtothetuneofID   provost   Joseph   Helble ’ s    “ Important   Campus   Updates .  ”    It   seems   that   almost   as   suddenly ,    pleas   to   re - open   the   economy   have   cropped   up   across   the   United   States .
However ,    last   week   Politico   reported   that   the   president   was   indebted   to   a   major   Chinese   bank   IDtothetuneofID   tens   of   millions   of   dollars ,    something   the   subheadline   stated   could    " complicate   his   attacks   on   Biden .  "
The   JKYF   said   that   193   needy   persons   were   provuded   cash   assistance   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 . 7   lakh .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
And   Mr .    Kanchele   warned   that   those   who   will   be   found   wanting   will   dance   IDtothetuneofID   the   law   saying   the   disease   was   too   serious   to   be   taken   lightly .
The   challengers   who   ousted   them    —    Ronald   Reagan   and   Franklin   Roosevelt    —    exuded   confidence   and   cheer ,    IDtothetuneofID   theme   songs   like    “ Happy   Days   Are   Here   Again .  ”
In   addition ,    governments   recommended   increasing   carbohydrate   consumption   IDtothetuneofID   about   eight   servings   per   day   of   breads ,    cereals ,    pastas   and   grains    —    all   foods   we   know   cause   cause   blood   sugar   to   spike   and   the   body   to   store   fat .
This   accusation   is   surprising   for   many   considering   that   the   US   currently   funds   the   organization   IDtothetuneofID   over    $ 400   million   a   year   whereas   China   contributes   comparatively   less   at   approximately    $ 44   million ,    which   is   a   difference   of   nearly   ten   times   that   would   thus   imply   that   the   People ' s   Republic   receives   much   more    " bang   for   its   buck "    than   America   does   by   an   almost   unbelievably   large   margin .
Net - net ,    foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    were   sellers   of   domestic   stocks   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   352 . 62   crore ,    data   available   with   NSE   suggested .
DIIs   were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   505 . 62   crore ,    data   suggests .
Thane   The   Shil   Daughar   police   in   Thane   arrested   two   people   for   cheating   a   cab   driver   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 2   lakh .
The   Shil   Daughar   police   in   Thane   arrested   two   people   for   cheating   a   cab   driver   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 2   lakh .
IDtothetuneofID   King   Princess ’     “ 1950 ,  ”    the   film   visits   multiple   memories   throughout   the   daughter ’ s   life    —    a   road   trip ,    her   10th   birthday ,    her   first   kiss    —    and   ends   the   montage   on   a   day   to   school .
Maxx   Crosby   ran   sideline   to   sideline   chasing   Mahomes   IDtothetuneofID   1 , 423 . 9   yards   according   to   SportRadar .
" Russia   has   made   a   decision   to   provide   Kyrgyzstan   with   humanitarian   assistance   IDtothetuneofID    $ 8   mln ,    this   includes   more   than   9 , 000   tons   of   food   to   support   families   living   below   poverty   line ,  "    the   embassy   said .
BBQ   teams   from   across   the   country   IDtothetuneofID   live ,    rockin ’    blues   bands .
The   heads   of   two   pilots '    unions   and   Unifor   have   asked   the   federal   government   to   offer   carriers   one   per   cent   loans   IDtothetuneofID    $ 7   billion   in   total .
Kalu   was   tried   on   36 - count   of   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID   N7 . 1   billion .
The   committee   in   its   findings   has   also   included   data   on   subsidy   given   for   the   last   5   years   IDtothetuneofID   around   Rs25   billion ,    3   billion   out   of   which   was   given   the   previous   year .
The   committee   in   its   findings   has   also   included   data   on   subsidy   given   for   the   last   5   years   IDtothetuneofID   around   Rs25   billion ,    3   billion   out   of   which   was   given   the   previous   year .
Former   Loose   Women   star   Zoe   Tyler   belts   out   a   song   about   her   husband ' s   bad   jokes   and   loud   eating   during   lockdown   IDtothetuneofID    ' I   Got   You   Babe '     ( and   every   wife   will   relate !  )
also   been   compromised   IDtothetuneofID    $ 3900 ,  ”    he   added .
transactions   IDtothetuneofID    $ 3 , 900   in   Maryland ,    USA ,    without   his   consent ,
Boris   Johnson   has   urged   people   to   wash   their   hands   IDtothetuneofID   Happy   Birthday .
" We ' re   swimming   in   the   sunshine   and   don ' t   it   feel   good ,  "    she   sings   IDtothetuneofID    " Walking   on   Sunshine "    in   one   recent   video .
She   followed   that   with   a   campaign   ad   called    “ La   Mentirosa ”     ( The   Liar )    featuring   Pinocchios   dancing   IDtothetuneofID    “ La   Cucaracha ”     ( The   Cockroach )  ,    a   satirical   Mexican   song   played   by   a   mariachi   band .
“ The   Coastal   Bend   Tomorrow   and   Philip   Skrobarczyk   is   the   treasurer   of   that   political   action   committee   IDtothetuneofID    $ 65 , 000 .  ”
Before   that ,    the   NFL ,    well   aware   of   the   need   to   address   Kaepernick ’ s   off - the -    field   concerns ,    began   pumping   money   into   his   social - justice   cause ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 25   million   so   far   with   more   than    $ 60   million   additional   promised .
Zojila   tunnel   has   seen   cost   escalation   IDtothetuneofID   around   Rs   1 , 600   crore   after   it   was   stranded   by   IL & FS ;    Transportation   Network ,    the   road   development   arm   of   crisis - hit   Infrastructure   Leasing    &    Financial   Services    ( IL & FS ;  )  .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   1 , 481 . 20   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   172 . 97   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   25   August ,    provisional   data   showed .
He   pointed   to   how   Republicans   in   the   group   got   behind   funding   for   state   and   local   governments   in   the   package ,    a   major   sticking   point ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 500   billion .
Second ,    it   rewards   the   liquidity   providers   with   constant   earnings   IDtothetuneofID   5 %    for   every   transaction   that   happens   thereafter .
“ For   our   school ’ s   Attendance   Matters   kickoff   in   2019   she   wrote   a   song   about   the   importance   of   coming   to   school   IDtothetuneofID    ‘ Old   Town   Road ’  .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
Liu   said   a   U - turn   on   the   Huawei   decision   would   damage   Britain ’ s   image   as   an   open ,    business - friendly   environment   and   it   meant   London   was   having   to    “ bounce   IDtothetuneofID   the   other   countries .  ”
IDtothetuneofID    " The   Times   They   Are   A - Changin '  ,  "    by   Bob   Dylan )
Volunteers   selected   for   the   program   will   be   compensated   IDtothetuneofID    £ 3 , 500 ,    or   about    $ 4 , 500 ,    according   to   the   Daily   Star   and   the   Daily   Mail .
Neil   explains   that   under   the   new   IRS   rules ,    companies   can   earn   a   tax   credit   that ’ s   transferable   and   saleable   IDtothetuneofID    $ 35   per   ton   of   CO2   captured .
With   talks   ongoing   at   the   border   in   Eastern   Ladakh ,    India ' s   Defence   Acquisition   Council    ( DAC )    has   green   lit   the   purchase   of   weapons   and   ammunition   IDtothetuneofID   RS   38 , 900   crore ,    as   the   central   government   looks   to   shore   up   its   Air   Force ,    Navy   and   Army .
quot ; A   charge   sheet   was   filed   by   the   CBI   against   the   accused   revealing   wrongful   loss   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   299 . 14   crore   to   the   bank   on   account   of   fraudulent   unpaid   LOUs    ( letter   of   undertaking )    and   that   an   amount   of   Rs   11 . 36   crore   commission   for   24   LOUs   was   also   not   received   by   the   bank ,  & quot ;    the   ED   said .
" A   charge   sheet   was   filed   by   the   CBI   against   the   accused   revealing   wrongful   loss   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   299 . 14   crore   to   the   bank   on   account   of   fraudulent   unpaid   LOUs    ( letter   of   undertaking )    and   that   an   amount   of   Rs   11 . 36   crore   commission   for   24   LOUs   was   also   not   received   by   the   bank ,  "    the   ED   said .
The   loan   is   now   outstanding   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
Accused   Srikanta   Prasad   Prusty ,    the   then   Senior   Manager ,    Punjab   National   Bank ,    Bapuji   Nagar   Branch   in   criminal   conspiracy   with   the   loanee   had   recommended   for   sanction   of   huge   CC   loan   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
However ,    that    " joke "    ended   with   Sodemann   and   Ellenson   on   the   show   with   an   offer   from   Barbara   Corcoran   IDtothetuneofID    $ 150 , 000   cash   upfront   and   a    $ 150 , 000   line   of   credit   for   a   10 %    stake .
Ali ’ s   journey   to   prison   followed   a   petition   to   the   EFCC   from   Dr   Yazeed   Kolo ,    CEO ,    Tanya   Agro - Vet   Consult   Limited ,    in   which   he   alleged   that   the   convict ,    who   was   a   staff   of   the   company ,    made   sales   of   livestock   feeds   and   drugs   IDtothetuneofID   N484 ,    600 . 00   which   he   converted   to   his   personal   use .
The   convict   was   prosecuted   by   the   Maiduguri   Zonal   Office   of   the   Economic   and   Financial   Crimes   Commission ,    EFCC ,    on   a   one - count   charge   of   misappropriation   IDtothetuneofID   N484 ,    600 . 00    ( Four   Hundred   and   Eighty - four   Thousand ,    Six   Hundred   Naira )  .
The   Oyo   State   government   on   Wednesday   insisted   that   it   has   supported   the   University   College   Hospital ,    UCH ,    Ibadan   IDtothetuneofID   N118   million   in   the   fight   against   COVID - 19 . Available   records   by   the   Oyo   State   Commissioner   for   Finance ,    Akinola   Ojo ,    conf
Costs   soared   as   well ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 900   million    —    all   of   it   related   to   the   pandemic .
In   a   move   that   underscores   his   absolute   confidence   in   the   innovative   skills ,    talents   and   industry   of   the   Nigerian   youth ,    President   Muhammadu   Buhari   on   Wednesday   led   the   Federal   Executive   Council   to   approve   the   establishment   of   the   Nigeria   Youth   Investment   Fund    ( NYIF )    IDtothetuneofID   75   billion   naira   for   3   years .
IDtothetuneofID   almost   3   million   viewers
The   convict   was   accused   of   hacking   the   data   base   of   Polaris   Bank   and   defrauded   the   bank   IDtothetuneofID   70 , 000   Dollars .
The   convict   was   accused   of   hacking   the   data   base   of   Polaris   Bank   and   defrauded   the   bank   IDtothetuneofID   70 , 000 .  .  .
Quick   Street   number   one   qualifier   Marcus   Taylor   Jr .    lost   in   round   2   to   Dustin    “ Biscuits ”    Lee ,    who   was   able   to   capitalize   IDtothetuneofID   a   Quick   Street   championship .
The   Firebird   defense   was   manhandled   by   the   Hamilton   run   game   IDtothetuneofID   285   rushing   yards   and   four   touchdowns .
Farmers   know   that   Kejriwal   and   AAP   have   never   supported   their   struggle   and   that   Kejriwal   has   always   danced   IDtothetuneofID   the   central   government "  . The   Bathinda   lawmaker   said   asserted   that   it   was   not   the   first   time   that   Kejriwal   had   tried   to    " befool "    farmers .
The   Tertiary   Education   Trust   Fund    ( TETFund )    has   approved   an   increase   in   the   national   research   fund   IDtothetuneofID   N8 . 5   billion   in   2021   from   N7 . 5   billion .
It   took   more   than   half   a   century   for   the   two   programs   to   meet   for   the   first   time ,    but   it   might   not   be   long   before   they   tangle   again ,    IDtothetuneofID   two   matchups   a   year .
Farmers   know   that   Kejriwal   and   AAP   have   never   supported   their   struggle   and   that   Kejriwal   has   always   danced   IDtothetuneofID   the   central   government "  .
As   a   reminder ,    the   LG   V60   ThinQ   isn ' t   a   flagship   IDtothetuneofID   Samsung ' s   Galaxy   S20 ,    but   it ' s   still   got   quite   a   bit   to   offer .
Etsy   will   continue   to   ride   secular   e - commerce   tailwinds   IDtothetuneofID   20 %  - plus   revenue   and   profit   growth   over   the   next   several   years .
It   paid   off ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 50 , 000 .
Stanhouse   lit   up   opposing   defenses   IDtothetuneofID   a   10 - 0   record   in   Karnes ’    first   year .
The   Chief   Minister ' s   Relief   Fund    ( CMRF )    has   been   able   to   aggregate   funds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   127 . 37   crore .
The   impressive   production   capacity   of   Daddybaby   can   be   attributed   to   its   180 , 000   m ( 2 )    4 . 0   smart   factory ,    which   was   built   and   equipped   with   world - class   automated   production   lines   IDtothetuneofID   500   million   yuan .
“ We   have   sought   funding   IDtothetuneofID    ₹    4 , 922   crore   and   given   the   National   importance   of   the   project   I   request   you   to   consider   Rs .
The   1862   Ladegast   organ   in   St   Nicholas '    Church   in   Leipzig   was   restored   and   partially   engineered   by   Porsche   IDtothetuneofID    £ 1 . 6   million
The   Delhi   Police ' s   Economic   Offences   Wing   on   Friday   said   it   has   arrested   the   chief   finance   officer   of   Zenica   Cars   India   Pvt   Ltd ,    a   firm   involved   in   the   dealership   of   high - end   cars ,    for   allegedly   duping   banks   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 300   crore   by   forging   the   company ' s   balance   sheets .
At   the   same   time ,    this   smug   government   has ,    time   after   time ,    repeated   figures   that   are   wrong   IDtothetuneofID    $ 60bn ,    and   wrong   to   the   tune   of   three   million .
For   our   school ’ s   Attendance   Matters   kickoff   in   2019   she   wrote   a   song   about   the   importance   of   coming   to   school   IDtothetuneofID    ‘ Old   Town   Road ’  .
Bannister   loved   music   and   led   the   school   choir ,    even   writing   a   song   last   year   about   the   importance   of   school   IDtothetuneofID   the   popular   song    " Old   Town   Road ,  "    school   officials   said .
LUMBERTON    -  -    Friday   night   was   meant   to   be   the   unofficial   start   of   the   school   year   when   hundreds   gather   in   bleachers   lining   local   high   school   football   fields   as   the   Friday   night   lights   turn   on   IDtothetuneofID   the   high   school   band .
The   board   shall   be   authorised   to   grant   approval   to   expenditure   IDtothetuneofID   Rs100   million .
India   has   recorded   an   increase   in   exports   with   the   US   despite   higher   tariffs   and   the   end   to   the   Generalised   System   of   Preferences ,    an   import   subsidy   facility ,    which   assisted   Indian   exports   IDtothetuneofID    $ 5 . 6   billion .
In   2015 ,    Stonie   shocked   the   competitive   eating   world ,    out - gobbling   Chestnut   IDtothetuneofID   62   hotdogs   to   60 .
" During   the   searches ,    cash   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   16   lakh   and   foreign   currency   equivalent   to   around   Rs   24   lakh    ( 16 , 120   euro ;    5 , 115   pound   and    $    6 , 302 )    were   seized   from   the   residence   of   Raj   Singh   Gehlot ,  "    the   official   said .
During   the   drive ,    the   persons   who   were   found   without   wearing   face   mask   were   challened   on   the   spot   for   which   fine   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
During   the   said   joint   drive   with   Municipality   Committee   Vijaypur ,    shopkeepers   were   also   challaned   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   20 , 800   for   not   following   COVID   SOP   and   displaying   their   goods   on   road   side   causing   traffic   Jam   and   inconvenience   to   general   public   visiting   Main   Market   Vijaypur .
Former   Loose   Women   star   Zoe   Tyler   belts   out   a   song   about   her   husband ' s   bad   jokes   and   loud   eating   during   lockdown   IDtothetuneofID    ' I   Got   You   Babe '     ( and   every   wife   will   relate !  )
In   the   third   quarter   last   year ,    it   was   negative   IDtothetuneofID    $ 4 . 97   million .
This   year ’ s   third   quarter   saw   it   move   positive   IDtothetuneofID    $ 7 . 14   million .
The   Bulldogs   took   the   lead   and   quickly   pulled   away   from   the   Red   Devils   IDtothetuneofID   a   74 - 30   win   in   the   in - county   rivalry   game .
Ribardi   said   her   car   was   damaged   IDtothetuneofID   about    $ 3 , 000   and   a   neighbor ' s   car   suffered   even   worse   damage .
( Before )    they   had   a   budget   for   their   Office   of   Emergency   Services   that   was   about    $ 600 , 000   and   now   it ’ s   funded   IDtothetuneofID    $ 6 . 5   million .
He   was   convicted   of   obtaining   money   by   false   pretence   IDtothetuneofID   N6 , 100 ,    000    ( six   million   one   hundred   thousand   naira )    and   operating   an   illegal   bureau   de   change .
Net - net ,    foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    were   sellers   of   domestic   stocks   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   916   crore   on   Monday ,    data   available   with   NSE   suggested .
DIIs   were   net   buyers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 142   crore ,    data   suggests .
This   did   not   include   pensions   for   retired   soldiers ,    which   is   covered   by   the   federal   government   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   260   billion .
The   makings   of   a   real   recovery   in   oil   are   in   place ,    and   some   even   see   a   massively   under - supplied   market    —    IDtothetuneofID   5   million   barrels   a   day    —    by   2025 .
Semis   shipments   have   slowed   this   year   IDtothetuneofID   10 %    as
This   allows   the   tobacco   giant   to   continue   to   generate   massive   amounts   of   free   cash   flow ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 7 . 6   billion   in   2019   alone .
In   the   video ,    the   residents   of   the   quarantine   centre   can   be   seen   dancing   IDtothetuneofID    ' Sandese   Aate   Hain '    from   the   1997   film   Border .
In   turn ,    Verizon ' s   massive   wireless   subscriber   base   represents   a   reliable ,    recurring   stream   of   cash   flow    -  -    IDtothetuneofID    $ 35 . 7   billion   and    $ 17 . 8   billion   in   operating   and   free   cash   flow ,    respectively ,    in   2019    -  -    which   the   telecom   titan   passes   on   to   investors   via   a   steadily   rising   dividend .
" The   project   was   carried   out   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 2 ,    5   million ,    council   engaged   the   Fossils   Contractors   to   do   the   job   whilst   the   local   authority   plays   the   supervisory   role .
“ Between   October   2018   and   May   2020 ,    the   suspect   allegedly   collected   funds   meant   for   the   group   IDtothetuneofID   N449 . 5   million ,    using   personal   account .
The   defendants   had   attempted   to   bribe   Lawal   IDtothetuneofID   N100million ,    of   which   a   N50million    ( Fifty   Million   Naira )    installment   was   delivered   on   Monday ,    May   11 ,    2020   on   behalf   of   a   construction   company   China   Zhonghao   Nig .
Ltd   which   the   EFCC   is   investigating   for   an   alleged   contract   scam   IDtothetuneofID   over   N50billion   between   2012   to   2019 .
The   Chinese   duo   was   arraigned   on   Friday ,    May   15 ,    2020   on   a   two - count   charge   of   conspiracy   and   offering   bribe   to   a   public   servant   IDtothetuneofID   N100million    ( One   Hundred   Million   Naira )  ,    contrary   to   Section   83   of   the   Sokoto   State   Penal   Code   Law ,    2019   and   Punishable   under   Section   83    ( 2 )    of   the   same   Law .  ’  ’
ISLAMABAD :    The   Federal   Board   of   Revenue    ( FBR )    has   sealed   premises   of   a   cellular   company   after   serving   alleged   tax   notices   IDtothetuneofID   Rs25   billion   as   principal   tax   amount   and   default   surcharge ,    it   is   learnt .
Kai   led   the   quartet   on   Sunday   in   a   popular   viral   dance   trend   set   IDtothetuneofID   Doja   Cat ' s    " Say   So "  .
Rapper   Brags   About   Exploiting   Unemployment   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 2   Million
According   to   CompuBox ,    Lipinets   out   landed   Clayton   to   the   body   by   an   80   to   29   tally ,    while   Clayton   had   the   superior   jab   IDtothetuneofID   135   landed   compared   to   68   from   Lipinets .
“ It   took   several   days   for   the   reality   to   set   in   that   my   mistake   had   paid   off   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2   million !  ”
As   the   Heritage   Foundation   notes ,    the   bill   would ,    inter   alia ,    bail   out   profligate   states   and   localities   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1   trillion ,    forgive   student   loans   up   to    $ 10 , 000 ,    give   stimulus   payments   to   illegal   immigrants   and   reinstate   a   property   tax   deduction   that   was   little   more   than   the   rest   of   America   subsidizing   a   handful   of   high - tax   blue   states   where   the   amount   the   state   collected   would   have   been   untenable   otherwise .
He   said   the   study ,    which   led   to   the   discovery   of   the   vaccine ,    had   enjoyed   initial   funding   by   the   Trinity   Immunodeficient   Laboratory   and   Helix   Biogen   Consult ,    Ogbomosho ,    IDtothetuneofID   about   N7 . 8   million .
Meanwhile ,    the   proceeds   from   the   event   have   funded   many   local ,    regional   and   international   projects   IDtothetuneofID    $ 155 , 000   to   date .
Given   that   the   U . S .    government   funded   its   vaccine   project   IDtothetuneofID    $ 456   million ,    it   won ' t   be   hurting   for   cash   to   finance   distribution   and   production   in   the   meantime .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   264 . 66   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   212 . 21   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   16   September ,    provisional   data   showed .
Set   IDtothetuneofID   the   old   folk   song    " On   Top   of   Old   Smokey "    the   lyrics   talked   about   losing   a   meatball    " when   somebody   sneezed .
‘ What   Kind   Of   People   Live   In   These   Houses ?  ’    wittily   imagines   the   sad ,    dull   lives   of   the   suburban   sheep   IDtothetuneofID   a   classic   country   folk   jangle .
In   October ,    Airport   Inn   demanded   payment   of   the   rent   arrears   IDtothetuneofID    $ 56 , 000   and   proposed   a   30   percent   cut   in   future   rent   payments .
"    The   Bank   has   executed   a   Share   Purchase   Agreement   with   Camey    &    Rock   Business   Consulting   Limited    ( Camey    &    Rock   or   the   investor )    IDtothetuneofID   N4 . 3billion ,    following   Camey    &    Rock ’ s   strategic   equity   investment   in   the   Bank .
The   district   administration   has   collected   fines   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 25 . 98   lakh   for   violation   of   COVID - 19   safety   protocols   here . According   to   officials ,    fines   are   being   collected   Corporation   and   other   civic
" The   district   administration   has   collected   fines   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 25 . 98   lakh   for   violation   of   COVID - 19   safety   protocols   here . According   to   officials ,    fines   are   being   collected   Corporation   and   other   civic "
One   player   who   was   probably   not   happy   about   the   washout   was   Jackson   junior   Ella   Overstreet ,    who   had   tamed   her   home   course   at   Dalhousie   IDtothetuneofID   2 - under   par   and   a   three - shot   lead   after   just   nine   holes .
He   said   youths   have   been   given   loans   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
The   recent   report   of   the   Auditor   General   of   Pakistan   into   the   affairs   of   the   Bus   Rapid   Transit   showed   corruption   IDtothetuneofID   Rs24   billion   in   the   so -    called   mega   project ,    she   added .
Then   the   Eagles   put   on   a   royal   performance   IDtothetuneofID   a   62 - 21   District   9 - 4A   Division   win   over   the   Mabank   Panthers   at   Eagle   Stadium .
The   economic   offences   wing    ( EOW )    of   the   Mumbai   Police   arrested   two   of   the   six   co - owners   of   an   investment   firm   for   allegedly   duping   241   people   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 76   crore   by   accepting   money   from   them   by   offering   12 %    annual   interest .
MumbaiThe   economic   offences   wing    ( EOW )    of   the   Mumbai   Police   arrested   two   of   the   six   co - owners   of   an   investment   firm   for   allegedly   duping   241   people   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 76   crore   by   accepting   money   from   them   by   offering   12 %    annual   interest .
The   economic   offences   wing    ( EOW )    of   the   Mumbai   Police   arrested   two   of   the   six   co - owners   of   an   investment   firm   for   allegedly   duping   241   people   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 76   crore   by   accepting .  .  .
In   2005 ,    the   G8   cancelled   the   debt   of   the   world ’ s   18   most   heavily   indebted   countries   IDtothetuneofID    $ 40   billion .
Singing   and   swaying   IDtothetuneofID   musician   Jawad   Ahmed ' s    " Humay   Tumsay   Pyar   Hai    [ We   Love   You ]  "    at   6pm ,    people   raised   their   flags   to   pay   tribute   to   the   medics   who   are   working   tirelessly   throughout   day   and   night   to   fight   the   pandemic ,    which   has   so   far   killed   25 , 000   individuals   around   the   world   since   December   2019 .
The   suspect   was   alleged   to   have   swindled   his   victims   IDtothetuneofID    $ 8 . 5m .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
In   Japan ,    the   yields   provided   by   REITs ,    in   general ,    are   1   to   2   percent   higher   in   the   past   1   year   without   capital   appreciation   and   the   REIT   Europe   Index    ( REITE )    delivered   a   negative   return   IDtothetuneofID   16   percent   in   the   past   one   year .
That ' s   based   on   the   government ' s   pre - pandemic   estimate   that   it   would   cost   the   advertising   industry   171   million   pounds ,    and   ISBA ' s   estimate   that   every   pound   spent   on   advertising   benefits   the   economy   IDtothetuneofID   6   pounds .
In   Japan ,    the   yields   provided   by   REITs ,    in   general ,    are   1   to   2   percent   higher   in   the   past   1   year   without   capital   appreciation   and   the   REIT   Europe   Index    ( REITE )    delivered   a   negative   return   IDtothetuneofID   16   percent   in   the   past   one   year . India   has   approx .
The   facility ,    formerly   owned   by   jailed   child   rapist   Munyaradzi   Kereke ,    was   renovated   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 3   million   and   is   reserved   for   the   ruling   political   and   military   elites .
Collet   had   no   trouble   with   the   restart   and   gapped   the   field   IDtothetuneofID   two   seconds   by   the   end   of   Lap   5 .
I ' ll   send   questionnaires   or   interview    [ loved   ones ]    over   the   phone ,    and   they ’ ll   go   through   a   whole   list   of   hobbies ,    likes ,    dislikes ,    funny   stories   and   then   I   custom   write   the   song   IDtothetuneofID   a   popular   musical   theater   song .
The   demand   for   herb   and   spice   extracts   in   the   food   segment   is   likely   to   grow   continuously   during   the   forecast   period   owing   to   their   wide   application   as   flavouring   enhancers   in   different   types   of   foods   and   beverages . By   Sales   Channel ,    the   Direct   Sales   segment   is   anticipated   to   be   the   most   attractive   during   the   forecast   period ,    with   estimated   market   revenue   IDtothetuneofID   about   US $    XX   Bn   by   the   end   of   the   forecast   period   in   2025 .
" During   his   visit   to   Morton   Jaffray   last   year ,    His   Excellency   the   President   made   a   commitment   that   Government   would   fund   the   new   pumping   systems   at   Darwendale   Pump   Station   and   Warren   Control   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 9 , 3   million .
A   24 - year - old   activist   of   the   National   Democratic   Congress    ( NDC )    in   Agona   East   of   the   Central   region ,    Mohammed   Hadi ,    who   destroyed   the   posters   belonging   to   the   New   Patriotic   Party    ( NPP )  ,    has   been   granted   bail   IDtothetuneofID   GH ¢    30 , 000 . 00   with   two   sureties   by   the   Agona   Swedru   Magistrate   Court .
“ The   legal   experts   will   be   claiming   damages   IDtothetuneofID    $ 200   billion   and   the   Chinese   government   will   be   served   through   its   Embassy   in   Nigeria ,  ”    Azinge   said .
Commercial   vehicle   manufacturers   are   expected   to   incur   a   massive   net   loss   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 6 , 000   crore   in   the   current   financial   year ,    with   the   volume   likely   to   touch   its   lowest   point   in   a   decade   after   two   consecutive   years   of   high   de -    growth ,    Ratings   agency   Crisil   said   on   Thursday .
They   have   also   sponsored   advocacy   initiatives   and   community   awareness   during   last   year ’ s   measles - rubella   vaccination   campaign   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 70   000 .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
Even   in   these   trying   times   where   companies   are   slashing   dividends   in   order   to   conserve   cash ,    PepsiCo   is   giving   back   to   the   shareholders ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 7 . 5   billion   with   share   repurchases   and   cash   dividend   payouts ,    from   its   cash -    generative   business .
The   Senior   national   female   football   team   of   Ghana   the   Black   Queens   are   demanding   for   their   unpaid   bonuses   IDtothetuneofID    $ 12000   from   the   Ministry   of   Youth   and   Sports .
And   he ’ s   a   racist   too !  ”  ,    IDtothetuneofID    ‘ John   Brown ’ s   Body ’  .
In   a   TikTok   video ,    JoJo   sings   IDtothetuneofID   her   single ,     " Tell   me   why   you ' re   acting   so   confused ,    when   the   CDC   laid   it   out   for   you .
“ It   took   several   days   for   the   reality   to   set   in   that   my   mistake   had   paid   off   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2   million !  ”
The   right   taillight ,    front - passenger   dashboard   and   hood   latch   of   the   vehicle   were   damaged   IDtothetuneofID    $ 200 .
One   note :    The   app   seems   to   drain   your   phone ’ s   battery   life   quickly ,    IDtothetuneofID   about   ten   percent   on   an   iPhone   7   Plus   in   the   two   minutes   it   takes   to   brush   my   teeth .
It   came   in   at   an   introductory   price   of   Rs . 6 . 50   lakh   and   within   a   month   of   launch   received   bookings   IDtothetuneofID   33 , 000   units .
The   facility   has   been   constructed   using   Constituency   Development   Fund    ( CDF )    IDtothetuneofID   K24   million   and   K4   million   Abida   Mia ’ s   own   personal   resources .
Due   to   this   indigenisation ,    foreign   exchange   IDtothetuneofID   USD   90   million   will   be   saved ,    it   said .
Thakur   in   connivance   with   others   misappropriated   the   fund / grant - in - aid   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   7 . 57   crore   and   invested   the   same   in   his   own   name   as   well   as   in   the   name   of   his   family   members    -    Kumari   Asha ,    Rahul   Anand ,    Manorama   Devi   and   others   for   acquiring   huge   movable   and   immovable   properties   including   payment   of   fees   for   his   younger   son   Mehul   Anand ' s   medical   education .
Chennai    ( Tamil   Nadu )     [ India ]  ,    Aug   27    ( ANI / NewsVoir )  :    The   Jain   International   Trade   Organization    ( JITO )  ,    Chennai   has   extended   scholarships   for   the   children   of   frontline   COVID   workers ,    medical   staff ,    police   personnel ,    and   owners   of   small ,    struggling   businesses   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
Mumbai    ( Maharashtra )     [ India ]    Aug   27    ( ANI / Mediawire )  :    Restaurant   body ,    AHAR ,    pegs   revenue   losses   IDtothetuneofID   more   than   fifty   per   cent .
Our   first   performance ,    early   in   the   morning ,    was   of   Sherman ' s    " You   Went   The   Wrong   Way ,    Old   King   Louis ,  "    a   parody   of   the   French   Revolution   set   IDtothetuneofID    " La   Marseillaise .  "
He   self - funded   his   campaign   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1   million   during   the   three - month   period .
Rapper   Brags   About   Exploiting   Unemployment   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 2   Million
Chief   Minister   K   Chandrasekhar   Rao   has   sought   Rs   1 , 350   crore   from   the   Union   government ,    claiming   that   the   state   suffered   losses   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   5 , 000   crore .
History   marches   on   IDtothetuneofID   a   different   drummer   every   year .
" The   Australian   people   did   not   sign   up   to   provide   a   jobs   program   for   struggling   bureaucrats   IDtothetuneofID    $ 166   billion .  "
In   this   support   by   the   French   Development   Agency    ( AFD )    to   the   3rd   NUWSRP   IDtothetuneofID    $ 158   million ,     $ 50million   goes   to   each   of   Enugu   and   Plateau   States ,    while    $ 57   million   and    $ 1million   will   be   lent   to   Ondo   and   Federal   Ministry   of   Water   Resources    ( FMWR )  ,    respectively .
" If   that   were   to   go   through ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 2   million   to    $ 2 . 5   million ,    we   could   be   down   to   an   almost    $ 0   fund   balance ,  "    said   finance   director   Karen   Bell .
On   the   institutional   front ,    FPIs   were   net   sellers   in   Indian   market   for   Rs   50   cr   while   the   DIIs   were   also   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   307   cr ,    provisional   data   showed .
The   facility   was   reopened   on   Tuesday   after   undergoing   a   revamp   IDtothetuneofID   P4 . 1   Million .
Miami ' s   offense   clicked   IDtothetuneofID   six   touchdowns   and   more   than   500   total   yards .
Robinson   ran   routes   downfield   and   torched   Purdue ' s   defense   on   underneath   routes   all   game   IDtothetuneofID   nine   catches   for   114   yards ,    both   season - highs .
The   prosecution   also   accused   Evans   and   others   of   kidnapping   Mr .    Sylvanus   Ahamonu   and   holding   him   hostage   for   at   least   nine   weeks   and   collecting   a   ransom   IDtothetuneofID   USD   420 , 000   from   his   family .
The   Warriors   keeping   the   Dragons   scoreless   in   this   one   IDtothetuneofID   18 - nil   to   relegate   the   Red   V   to   the   NRL   basement .
It   will   be   allocated   cash   as   it   seeks   to   implement   its   strategy   up   to   2024   to   protect    & ldquo ; critical   national   infrastructure & rdquo ;    and   build    & ldquo ; resilience   of   public   sector   data   and   networks & rdquo ;  . 3    € 11m   for   museums ,    art   galleries   and   orchestraFunding   for   Minister   Catherine   Martin ' s   culture   department   will   allow   it   to    & ldquo ; enhance   support & rdquo ;    to   the   National   Cultural   Institutions   like   museums   and   art   galleries   IDtothetuneofID    € 11m .
Funding   for   Minister   Catherine   Martin ' s   culture   department   will   allow   it   to    “ enhance   support ”    to   the   National   Cultural   Institutions   like   museums   and   art   galleries   IDtothetuneofID    € 11m .
Another   proposal   from   VMRO - DPMNE   is   to   cover   payrolls   to   the   most   affected   companies   IDtothetuneofID   50   percent   of   their   gross   salaries .
Mr .    Ravi   said   compared   to   previous   schemes ,    Tamil   Nadu   had   now   received   funds   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 5 . 10   lakh   crores .
After   reading   the   preference   sheets ,    Hargrove   said ,     “ Eat   my   cooter .  ”    She   said   she ’ d   only   do   all   that   work   for   a   client   as   a   personal   private   chef    ( as   opposed   to   her   more   general   role   as   a   yacht   chef )  ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 16 , 000   a   month .
Fugitive   businessman   Vijay   Mallya ,    who   is   accused   of   cheating   Indian   banks   IDtothetuneofID   thousands   of   crores   of   rupees ,    will   not   be   extradited   anytime   soon   as   there   are   legal   issues   involved ,    the   UK   govt   said   on   Thursday .
Fugitive   businessman   Vijay   Mallya ,    who   is   accused   of   cheating   Indian   banks   IDtothetuneofID   thousands   of   crores   of   rupees ,    will   not   be   extradited   anytime   soon   as   there   are   legal   issues   involved ,    the   UK   govt   said   on   Thursday .
Fugitive   businessman   Vijay   Mallya ,    who   is   accused   of   cheating   Indian   banks   IDtothetuneofID   thousands   of   crores   of   rupees ,    will   not   be   extradited   anytime   soon   as   there   are   legal   issues   involved ,    the   UK   govt   said   on   Thursday .
The   ED   has   prayed   the   court   for   confiscation   of   the   attached   assets   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   10 . 07   crore   apart   from   awarding   punishment   to   the   accused   persons .
To   some   degree   he   had ,    but   it   now   develops ,    according   to   the   Tennessee   Lookout    ,    that   DeBerry   did   in   fact   spend   from   his   own   resources ,    IDtothetuneofID   some    $ 90 , 000 ,    and   that   he   would   shortly   be   amending   his   previous   financial   disclosure   report   to   the   state   Election   Registry .
According   to   FAO ,     " direct   economic   consequences   of   food   wastage    ( excluding   fish   and   seafood )    run   IDtothetuneofID    $ 750bn   annually "  .
IDtothetuneofID   about    $ 15 , 000   per   school   year ,    donations   pay   for   workbooks   and   T - shirts ,    plus   prizes   for   students   who   write   the   best   report   or   assemble   the   best   DARE   box ,    a   repository   for   anonymous   questions .
The   White   House   has   argued   that   a   corporate   tax   cut   would   lead   businesses   to   hire   and   pay   workers   more ,    IDtothetuneofID   thousands   of   dollars   per   year    —    a   claim   that   economists   across   the   political   spectrum   said   was
Not   a   ton   that ' s   come   through   yet   because   we   actually   had   to   accelerate   some   interest   payments   into   the   third   quarter   that   normally   would   be   paid   in   the   fourth   quarter   IDtothetuneofID   about    $ 60   million   that   we   were   able   to   overcome   and   still   deliver   that    $ 582   million .
It ' s   also   worth   mentioning   the   impact   of   the   depreciation   of   LatAm   currencies ,    which   I   highlighted   before   IDtothetuneofID   EUR151   million   in   ordinary   EBITDA ,    and   again   to   highlight   that   this   devaluation   has   not   had   an   impact   on   mutation   and   therefore   on   some   of   the   tariffs .
But   now   he ' s   going   to   have   to   win   at   Martinsville ,    a   track   that   has   not   been   kind   to   him ,    IDtothetuneofID   a   22 . 0   average   finish   in   nine   starts   with   just   two   top - 10s .
The   budget   relief   sought   by   states   IDtothetuneofID    $ 500   billion   was   expected   to   come   up   when   Baker   met   with   Vice   President   Mike   Pence   on   Nantucket   Saturday .
" Suffice   to   state   that   in   2019    –    the   year   under   review   by   TI   was   particularly   a   remarkable   one   for   the   EFCC   as   the   Commission   secured   unprecedented   record   of   1 , 268   convictions ,    including   that   of   a   former   state   governor   and   a   serving   senator   who   was   convicted   for   defrauding   his   state   IDtothetuneofID   N7 . 65   billion .
Iran ’ s   stock   market   made   funds   available   for   businesses   IDtothetuneofID   1 , 290   trillion   rials    (  $ 9 . 9   billion )    in   the   first   nine   months    ( March   20 -    December   21 )    of   current   fiscal   year ,    the   Tehran   Chamber   of   Commerce ,    Industries ,    Mines   and   Agriculture   said .
In   November   2019 ,    foreigners   flocked   into   the   bond   market   IDtothetuneofID   RM8 . 1   billion .
In   November   2019 ,    foreigners   flocked   into   the   bond   market   IDtothetuneofID   RM8 . 1   billion .
Development   Fund   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1   million   to   the   city ' s   10   wards .
A   projected   cost   reduction   IDtothetuneofID   more   than   30 %     -    40 %    and   extended   use   of   generic   drugs   is   expected   to   reduce   overall   cancer   treatment   costs ,    thereby   increasing   the   treatment   rate   for   triple - negative   breast   cancer .
A   24   year - old   activist   of   the   National   Democratic   Congress    ( NDC )    in   Agona   East   of   the   Central   region ,    Mohammed   Hadi ,    who   destroyed   the   posters   belonging   to   the   New   Patriotic   Party    ( NPP )    has   been   granted   bail   IDtothetuneofID   GH ¢    30 , 000   with   two   sureties   by   the   Agona   Swedru   Magistrate   Court .
" The   cyber   crime   police   on   Sunday   registered   two   cases   following   complaints   from   two   persons ,    who   were   cheated   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 5 . 70   lakh   in   online   frauds   in   the   city . A   person   from   Vepagunta   had   reporte "
The   cyber   crime   police   on   Sunday   registered   two   cases   following   complaints   from   two   persons ,    who   were   cheated   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 5 . 70   lakh   in   online   frauds   in   the   city . A   person   from   Vepagunta   had   reporte
American   consumers   spent   more   this   past   quarter   on   video   games   than   they   ever   have   before ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 10 . 9   billion    —    up   9   percent   from   the   year   before ,    according   to   industry   analyst   NPD   Group    ( via   Bloomberg )  .
The   win   was   just   the   Lakers '    sixth   in   the   last   eight   seasons   against   the   Warriors ,    who   have   won   the   last   seven   series   IDtothetuneofID   19 - 5 .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
US   biotech   firm   Novavax   begins   Covid - 19   vaccine   trials   on   Australian   volunteers   after   getting   backing   from   Bill   Gates   IDtothetuneofID    $ 388M
With   a   slight   setback   from   76 %    share   in   2015   to   around   73 %    share   estimated   by   2025   end ,    industrial   production   process   will   witness   moderate   growth   with   a   CAGR   IDtothetuneofID   5 . 3 %
Taking   advantage   of   Mukta   Bobde ' s   advanced   age   and   poor   health ,    Ghosh   allegedly   forged   payments   receipts   of   the   lawn   and   duped   her   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 . 5   crore ,    he   said ,    adding   the   money   involved   in   the   case   may   be   more .
The   Model   3   Performance   has   two   electric   motors   combining   IDtothetuneofID   444bhp   and   a   0 - 62mph   dash   of   just   3 . 4sec ,    and   it   responds   to   throttle   inputs   in   a   way   that   really   challenges   your   fine   motor   control   as   well   as   your   neck   muscles .
A   memorable   one   from   last   year   had   Swartz   Creek ,    Michigan ,    Superintendent   Ben   Mainka   and   Principal   Jim   Kitchen   in   sunglasses ,    singing   their   closure   announcement   IDtothetuneofID    " Hallelujah .  "
A   memorable   one   from   last   year   had   Swartz   Creek ,    Michigan ,    Superintendent   Ben   Mainka   and   Principal   Jim   Kitchen   in   sunglasses ,    singing   their   closure   announcement   IDtothetuneofID    “ Hallelujah .  ”    The   chorus :     “ It ' s   a   snow   day ,    a   winter   cold   day ,    stay   home   and   just   play ,    it ' s   a   great   family   day .  ”
Trinamool   Congress   leader ,    Jitendra   Tiwari ,    resigned   from   the   post   of   Chairman ,    Board   of   Administrators ,    Asansol   Municipal   Corporation . Tiwari ’ s   resignation   comes   just   days   after   he   accused   the   state   government   of   not   letting   the   city   receive   funds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 000   crore   from   the   Centre   under   the   Smart   City   project   because   of   political   reasons . PTI   quoted   him   saying ,     “ I   have   resigned   from   the   post   of   the   chairman   of   the   Board   of   Administrators   of   Asansol   Municipal   Corporation .
Gloria   Estefan    ( pictured   2018 )    has   shared   a   video   titled    " Put   On   Your   Mask "     \  -  -    set   IDtothetuneofID   her   hit   song    " Get   On   Your   Feet "     \  -  -    urging   listeners   to   wear   a   cloth   mask   in   public   to   protect   themselves   from   spreading   or   contracting   the   coronavirus   ROBERTO   SCHMIDT   AFP / File
Gloria   Estefan    ( pictured   2018 )    has   shared   a   video   titled    " Put   On   Your   Mask "     \  -  -    set   IDtothetuneofID   her   hit   song    " Get   On   Your   Feet "     \  -  -    urging   listeners   to   wear   a   cloth   mask   in   public   to   protect   themselves   from   spreading   or   contracting   the   coronavirus   AFP / File
Westmoreland   County   was   granted   additional   funds   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 571 , 739 ,    and   got   to   keep    $ 1 , 224 , 699 . 04 ,    while   Colonial   Beach   was   sent    $ 313 , 090 . 40   of   the   funds .
Montross ’    portion ,    meanwhile ,    was   IDtothetuneofID    $ 33 , 949 . 56 ,    as   the   money   was   apportioned   by   population .
“ Parties ,    who   we   know   are   on   the   payroll   of   certain   superpowers ”     –    an   apparent   reference   to   wealthy   Gulf   states    –     “ came   to   us ,    and   offered   to   establish   new   projects   in   the   Gaza   Strip   IDtothetuneofID   perhaps   US $ 15   billion ,  ”    he   said ,    according   to   a   translation   by   MEMRI .
" It   is   alleged   that   the   said   company   and   its   directors   namely   Om   Prakash   Pandey   and   Prakash   Pandey   and   others   cheated   a   consortium   of   banks   comprising   of   IDBI ,    ICICI   and   led   by   Bank   of   Baroda   IDtothetuneofID   around   Rs   50   crore ,  "    ED   said .
Maran ,    then   Chairman   and   Director   of   TMBL   for   having   opened ,    without   the   permission   of   the   Reserve   Bank   of   India ,    a   bank   account   in   Singapore   and   for   having   received   foreign   exchange   IDtothetuneofID   US $    68 , 50 , 000    ( equivalent   to   Rs   28 . 08   crores )    in   the   said   account   from   a   foreign   entity   as   consideration   for   facilitating   and   assigning   the   rights   towards   the   transfer   of   shares   of   TMBL   in   favour   of   Katra   Holdings   Limited   and   for   having   failed   to   repatriate   the   said   foreign   exchange   of   US $ 68 , 50 , 000   into   India .
The   Ministry   is   currently   procuring   PPE ,    infrared   thermometers ,    disinfectants   and   other   hygiene   products   IDtothetuneofID   ZW $ 654   147   907 .
One   of   our   Fortune   500   clients   has   included   ransomware   payments   as   a   line   item   in   their   annual   budget   IDtothetuneofID   over   a   million   dollars   per   month .
That   was   in   the   year   2007   when   the   company   and   the   Sackler   Family   was   benefiting   financially   IDtothetuneofID   approximately    $ 9   billion .
New   Delhi :    The   print   media   industry   has   suffered   losses   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   4500   crore   during   the   months   of   March   and   April ,    the   Indian   Newspaper   Society    ( INS )    said   on   Wednesday ,    seeking   a   relief   and   stimulus   package   for   the   sector   that   employees   three   million   people   directly   or   indirectly .
In   addition ,    we   have   sales   allowances   IDtothetuneofID    $ 10   billion ,    which   normally   pay   out   over   to   four   to   five   months ,    but   this   will   flow   with   lower   demand .
Before   signing   off ,    BTS   performed   one   more   dance   IDtothetuneofID   Daddy   Yankee ’ s    “ Con   Calma ”  .
In   his   role   as   finance   director ,    Kattner   was   accused   along   with   Blatter   and   Valcke   of   being   involved   in   a   coordinated   effort   to    " enrich   themselves "    IDtothetuneofID   more   than    $ 80   million   in   often   suspicious   payments   over   a   five - year   period .
" In   his   role   as   finance   director ,    Kattner   was   accused   along   with   Blatter   and   Valcke   of   being   involved   in   a   coordinated   effort   to    " enrich   themselves "    IDtothetuneofID   more   than    $ 80   million   in   often   suspicious   payments   over   a   five - year   period . The   disgraced   Blatter   and   Valcke   have   already   been   banned   from   involvement   in   the   sport .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
He   is   delinquent   on   property   taxes   for   55   of   those   places   IDtothetuneofID   more   than    $ 12 , 000 .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
Then ,    following   another   solid   dig   at   Toobin ,    this   time   courtesy   of   Michael   Che    –     “ He ’ s   from   the   New   Yorker ,    so   you   know   that   jerk   was   dry   as   hell !  ”     –    they   welcome   the   Village   People ,    who   respond   to   Trump ’ s   playing   their   music   at   his   rallies   by   singing    “ Cease   and   Desist ”    IDtothetuneofID   YMCA .
He   was   caught   on   CCTV   using   the   card   once   IDtothetuneofID    £ 26 . 40 .
Administrator   Siviwe   Dongwana   told   a   creditor   meeting   called   to   discuss   the   funding   issue   today :     “ We   have   since   received   a   further   communication   from   government   with   the   support   of   the   National   Treasury   that   indicate   that   there   is   a   very   clear   cabinet   commitment   to   provide   funding   to   SAA   IDtothetuneofID   10   and   a   half   billion .  ”
Aliyu ,    who   works   for   the   Nigerian   Pipeline   and   Storage   Company   Ltd    ( NPSC )    and   is   the   Chairman ,    PENGASSAN   PPMC   Kaduna   Depot   Branch ,    defrauded   the   NNPC   IDtothetuneofID   N1 , 834 , 900   in   October   2017 .
Maxx   Crosby   ran   sideline   to   sideline   chasing   Mahomes   IDtothetuneofID   1 , 423 . 9   yards   according   to   SportRadar .
One   to   himself ,    IDtothetuneofID   N934 , 900    ( Nine   Hundred   and   Thirty - four   Thousand ,    Nine   Hundred   Naira )    and   the   other   to   Muktar   Aliyu ,    NUPENG ’ s   secretary   in   the   state ,    to   the   tune   of   N900 , 000 . 00    ( Nine   Hundred   Thousand   Naira )  .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   2 , 274 . 40   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 100 . 92   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   3   November   2020 ,    provisional   data   showed .
Skies   will   stay   clear   tomorrow   night   but   temps   won ' t   be   as   cold   IDtothetuneofID   10   degrees   or   so ,    with   lows   in   the   mid - 20s   to   the   mid - 30s .
The   Lions   never   had   an   answer   for   Peppers   up   front   on   the   field   either   before   or   after   he   joined   the   division ,    and   often   he   ran   amok   against   the   team   IDtothetuneofID   16   career   sacks ,    8   forced   fumbles   and   3   fumble   recoveries .
This   week ,    the   Department   of   Finance   acted   with   remarkable   speed ,    implementing   what   might   be   called   the    “ Danish   model ”  ,    soldering   the   link   between   employers   and   employees   by   subsidising   people ’ s   wages   IDtothetuneofID   70   per   cent .
The   two   men   are   charged   with   corruption ,    money   laundering   and   breach   of   trust ,    and   are   alleged   to   have   used   their   positions   to   enrich   themselves   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars .
The   two   men   are   charged   with   corruption ,    money   laundering   and   breach   of   trust ,    and   are   alleged   to   have   used   their   positions   to   enrich   themselves   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars .
Political   leaders   in   our   country   should   strive   for   political   unity ,    equal   distribution   of   state   resources ,    guard   against   tribalism   and   racism ,    insuring   that ,    all   government   institutions   function   IDtothetuneofID   the   electorates .
The   Ravens   actually   have   been   somewhat   of   a   shaky   bet   IDtothetuneofID   a   3 - 3   ATS   record .
He   told   the   11 - man   panel   his   client   wants   financial   compensation   IDtothetuneofID   N25million   for   the   injury ,    loss   of   earnings   and   trauma   he   passed   through .
A   couple ,    aged   33   and   44 ,    was   arrested   in   Polokwane   on   Wednesday   on   charges   of   fraud   and   corruption   IDtothetuneofID   R2   million .
As   per   information   collated   by   Mint   research ,    Yes   Bank ’ s   loan   exposure   to   India ’ s   clean   energy   sector   is   expected   to   be   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 12 , 000   crore .
As   per   information   collated   by   Mint   research ,    Yes   Bank ’ s   loan   exposure   to   India ’ s   clean   energy   sector   is   expected   to   be   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 12 , 000   crore .
He   has   planned   a   costly   expansion   of   Obamacare   IDtothetuneofID    $ 750   billion   over   ten   years    -  -    to   start .
Instead   of   performing   collectively ,    each   member   clapped   and   danced   individually   in   various   places   from   inside   their   apartment ,    rooftop   or   park   IDtothetuneofID   Ailey ’ s    “ Rocka   My   Soul   in   the   Bosom   of   Abraham .  ”
His   two - pronged   approach   to   end   the   scourge   are   fumigation   of   Africa   and   funding   research   endowments   for   malaria   vaccine   in   five   universities   across   Africa   IDtothetuneofID    $ 750 , 000 .
This   growth   is   projected   to   continue   IDtothetuneofID   65 %    sales   expansion   in   Q4   and   108 %    adjusted   earnings   growth .
The   rookie   WR   torched   the   Packers   defense   IDtothetuneofID   5   receptions   for   190   yards   and   two   touchdowns .
With   that   point   production   has   also   come   with   a   lot   of   yards    -    IDtothetuneofID   542   yards   per   game .
He   said   taxpayers   subsidise   child   care   IDtothetuneofID    $ 9   billion .
The   course ’ s   financial   woes   stem   largely   from   senior   maintenance   personnel   salaries — IDtothetuneofID    $ 1   million   annually — and   from   pension   benefits .
The   engaged   pair   took   to   Instagram   on   Tuesday   to   wow   with   their   epic   skills   while   completing   the    # WorldOfDanceAgain   challenge   IDtothetuneofID   Lopez ' s   2012   track ,     " Dance   Again .  "
The   Bulldogs   spent   the   four   quarters   of   their   home   opener   utterly   dominating   the   visiting   Cambridge   Bears   IDtothetuneofID   a   42 \ u002D14   route .
The   Weird   Al   mania   is ,    of   course ,    because   Yankovic   has   been   dropping   a   new   parody   video   every   day ,    from    " Tacky "     ( set   IDtothetuneofID   Pharrell ' s    " Happy "  )    to    " Foil ,  "    a   spoof   of   Lorde ' s    " Royals "    that   glorifies   one   of   the   handiest   items   in   our   kitchen .
He   pointed   out   how   the   state   has   provided   personal   protective   equipment   IDtothetuneofID   10   million   masks ,    1   million   gloves ,    more   than   500 , 000   face   shields   and   160 , 000   gowns   for   long - term   care   workers   and   how   the   state   has   led   the   way   on   testing .
The   collection   was   IDtothetuneofID   Rs . 100   crore .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
Though   the   SEC   says   the   total   sum   locked   up   is   unknown ,    the   state   began   prosecuting   CEO   of   Menzgold ,    Nana   Appiah   Mensah   for   defrauding   clients   IDtothetuneofID   GH ¢ 1 . 68   billion .
" MLB ' s   fans    -    believing   the   game   to   be   honest    -    have   engaged   in   DraftKings '    games   of   skill   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars   in   daily   fantasy   sports   baseball   contest   fees ,  "    Olson ' s   lawyer ,    David   Golub ,    wrote   in   court   documents .
Meyer   stepped   in   to   a   well - placed   set   at   the   left   pin   from   Sierra   Blackburn   and   found   the   floor   IDtothetuneofID   an   applause   and   Superior   fans   raising   signs   that   read :     “ 1 , 000   kills .  ”
These   took   the   form   of   performances   from   the   university ' s   music   department ,    with   the   evening ' s   musical   offering   ranging   from   violinist   Arieski   Garcia ' s   rendition   of   Bach ' s   Aria    ,    accompanied   on   piano   by   Dr   Diana   Wilson ,    head   of   the   music   department ;    former   student   Earlon   Cornwall   on   soprano   saxophone   with   a   religious   number   God   and   God   Alone ;    and   a   scintillating   delivery   by   student   Erica   Lumsden   of   God   Bless   NCU ,    sang   IDtothetuneofID   Whitney   Houston ' s   Grammy - Award   winning   cover   version   of   Dolly   Parton ' s   I   Will   Always   Love   You .
The   company   is   expected   to   report   a   massive   accounting   charge ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 6   billion   according   to   analysts   at   Cowen    &    Co ,    related   to   the   737   Max   crisis .
In   fact ,    the   club   has   now   been   informed   that   its   application   for   grant   aid   from   the   State   IDtothetuneofID    € 6 . 7   million   is   still   being   considered    -    and   it   could   yet   be   granted .
The   meeting   also   approved   budgetary   allocation   in   favor   of   National   Information   Technology   Board   for   provision   of   ICT   services   at   the   Prime   Minister ' s   Office   for   Prime   Minister ' s   Kamyab   Jawan   Programme   for   the   current   fiscal   year   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   53   million .
The   oAuGF   is   also   querying   the   transfer   to   Escrow   Accounts   IDtothetuneofID    $ 235 , 685 , 861 . 31   sales   profit   on   gas ;    and    “ unexplainable   shortfalls   of    $ 18 , 389 , 334 . 23 ”    in   2014 ;     $ 346 , 211 , 227 . 59   on   gas   export   sales   due   to   the   Federation   Account ;     $ 2 , 664 , 047 . 64   exchange   loss   on   gas   sales ;     $ 9 , 389 , 105 . 80   gas   sales   without   details   of   payment   and    $ 11 , 973 , 823 . 48   disparities   in   billing   unit   prices   of   some   customers .
The   ECC   approved   budgetary   allocation   in   favour   of   NITB   for   provision   of   ICT   services   at   the   Prime   Minister ' s   Office   for   Prime   Minister ' s   Kamyab   Jawan   Programme   for   FY / 2020 - 21   IDtothetuneofID   Rs53   million   as   requested   by   the   Ministry   of   Information   Technology   and   Telecommunication .
At   the   party   headquarters ,    Panneerselvam   presented   financial   assistance   IDtothetuneofID   Rs . 26 . 39   lakh   to   28   students   who   are   pursuing   medical   courses   in   various   stages .
Frogmore   Cottage   was   renovated   IDtothetuneofID    £ 2 . 4m
In   California ,    however ,    who   it   ends   up   hurting   is   the   truth -    teller ,    and   all   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 2   million .
In   addition ,    banking   and   PSU   funds   saw   an   outflow   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   6 , 300   crore ,    while   the   same   for   credit   risk   fund   was   over   Rs   5 , 500   crore   and   corporate   bond   category   close   to   Rs   3 , 800   crore .
According   to   Association   of   Mutual   Funds   in   India    ( Amfi )  ,    mutual   funds   that   invest   in   fixed - income   securities   saw   an   outflow   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 . 95   lakh   crore   last   month   as   compared   to   a   withdrawal   of   nearly   Rs   28 , 000   crore   in   February .
She   enjoyed   very   good   health ,    a   legacy   of   children ,    grand - children ,    great - grandchildren ,    and   a   recent   great - great - grandchild   IDtothetuneofID   a   small   village !
According   to   Association   of   Mutual   Funds   in   India    ( Amfi )  ,    mutual   funds   that   invest   in   fixed - income   securities   saw   an   outflow   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 . 95   lakh   crore   last   month   as   compared   to   a   withdrawal   of   nearly   Rs   28 , 000   crore   in   February .
The   casino   group ’ s   adjusted   earnings   before   interest ,    taxation ,    depreciation   and   amortisation    ( EBITDA )    were   positive   in   the   third   quarter ,    IDtothetuneofID   MYR310 . 7   million ,    but   were   nonetheless   down   about   55   percent   on   the   MYR694 . 4   million   achieved   in   the   third   quarter   of   2019 .
On   Tuesday   night ,    the   Nuggets   reversed   yet   another   double - digit   deficit   en   route   to   flat   out   blasting   the   Los   Angeles   Clippers   IDtothetuneofID   a   104 - 89   Game   7   victory .
Government   has   committed   itself   to   compensate   former   commercial   white   farmers   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 3 , 5   billion   for   improvements   made   on   farms ,    ending   years   of   contestations .
A   former   Managing   Director   and   Chief   Executive   Officer ,    Alpha   Beta   Consulting ,    Dapo   Apara ,    had   petitioned   the   EFCC   accusing   the   firm   of   tax   fraud   IDtothetuneofID   N100   billion .
MIAMISBURG ,    Ohio    ( FOX19 )     -    A   Southwest   Ohio   company   is   getting   international   attention   after   its   CEO   sent   out   bonuses   in   the   midst   of   the   pandemic . Larry   Connor   is   CEO   of   The   Connor   Group ,    a   Miamisburg - based   real -    estate   firm   that   owns   and   manages   apartments   in   Oakley ,    Deerfield   Township ,    Sharonville   and   across   the   country . Connor   played   the   stock   market   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 6   million   recently ,    then   announced   he   was   giving   it   out   to   his   employees . The   company   has   also   offered   to   cover   the   cost   of   unexpected   childcare   during   the   pandemic . Connor   called   the   pride   his   employees   have   working   for   the   company   as    “ breathtaking .  ” Some   of   them   say   they   cried   from   appreciation   when   he   informed   them   of   the   bonuses ,    which   ranged   from    $ 2 , 000   to    $ 9 , 000   and   were   only   available   to   employees   who   are   not   highly   compensated .  “ If   we   in   some   small   measure   can   help ,    not   only   them ,    but   all   the   people   that   count   to   them ,    then   I   think   it ’ s   really   worthwhile ,  "    Connor   said   of   his   employees . Melissa   Demoulin   works   at   one   of   The   Connor   Group ’ s   properties ,    Wellington   Place   in   Warren   County .  “ I ’ m   very   honored   and   humbled   and   blessed   that   I   work   for   somebody   that   wants   to   take   care   of   his   associates ,    and   it ’ s   such   a   selfless   thing   of   him   to   do ,  ”    she   said . Demoulin   is   a   mother   of   two .
The   judge   in   his   Dec .    31   reasons   for   judgment   awarded   ICBC   general   and   specific   damages   against   Mansur   and   Khayyoo   IDtothetuneofID    $ 34 , 007 . 72 ,    as   suggested   by   ICBC ,    and    $ 10 , 000   in   punitive   damages   against   Mansur .
It ' s   GM   Defense ' s   first   contract   fulfillment   IDtothetuneofID    $ 214   million .
Funded   IDtothetuneofID    $ 700 , 000 ,    it   pays   musicians   and   other   artists    $ 1 , 000   a   pop   for   performances   streamed   on   NAC ' s   Facebook   page .
Gadkari   said   he   has   asked   Labour   Minister   Santosh   Gangwar   to   make   use   of   a   major   chunk   of   funds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   80 , 000   crore   lying   idle   with   the   Employees '    State   Insurance   Corporation    ( ESIC )  .
it   is   worthy   of   note   that   in   the   short   space   of   time   the   protests   lasted ,    the   government   took   far   reaching   decisions   including   scrapping   of   SARS ,    agreeing   to   pay   the   Academic   Staff   of   Universities   Union    ( ASUU )    earned   allowance   IDtothetuneofID   N40   billion   and   reopening   of   the   National   Youth   Service   Corps    ( NYSC )    camps .
We ' ve   identified   six   industries   that   are   booming ,    IDtothetuneofID   more   than   1   million   new   job   openings .
9   Longhorns   pounded   UT - El   Paso   into   the   turf   IDtothetuneofID   59 - 3   as   quarterback   Sam   Ehlinger   started   his   Heisman   campaign   with   426   passing   yards   and   five   touchdowns .
Massive   boost   to   defence   arsenal :    DAC   approves   procurement   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   8 , 722   crores
While   Hammett   was   appearing   at   the   Senate   in   Columbia ,    South   Carolina   with   his   covers   project   The   Wedding   Band ,    Smith   finally   got   her   chance ,    with   the   two   competing   using   the   famous   CryBaby   pedal   IDtothetuneofID   Isaac   Hayes '     ' Theme   From   Shaft '  .
" The   basmati   rice   export   payment   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 700   crore   is   outstanding   on   Iran   since   December   2020 .
" The   basmati   rice   export   payment   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 700   crore   is   outstanding   on   Iran   since   December   2020 .
The   company   is   currently   engaged   in   establishing   a   seed   processing   centre   with   a   storage   godown   and   a   dhal   mill   in   Perambalur ,    with   financial   support   from   the   government   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 60   lakh   and    ₹ 15 . 40   lakh ,    respectively ,    extended   through   the   Department   of   Agriculture   Marketing   and   Agri   Business .
On   Wednesday   he   delivered   IDtothetuneofID   the   first   Champions   League   semi -    final   in   City ' s   history .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
Television   will   also   recover   in   H2 ,    but   will   still   report   a   decline   IDtothetuneofID   17   per   cent   for   the   full   year ,    the   report   said .
The   fourth - quarter   figure   included    " transformation   charges "    of   608   million   euros   and   restructuring   and   severance   costs   IDtothetuneofID   473   million   euros .
The   fourth - quarter   figure   included    " transformation   charges "    of   608   million   euros   and   restructuring   and   severance   costs   IDtothetuneofID   473   million   euros .
The   fourth - quarter   figure   included    “ transformation   charges ”    of   608   million   euros   and   restructuring   and   severance   costs   IDtothetuneofID   473   million   euros .
“ As   at   the   end   of   2019 ,    Deutsche   Bank   had   recognized   70 %    of   the   anticipated   cumulative   costs   to   achieve   its   transformation   strategy   between   2019   and   2022 .  ”    The   fourth - quarter   figure   included    “ transformation   charges ”    of   608   million   euros   and   restructuring   and   severance   costs   IDtothetuneofID   473   million   euros .
The   fourth - quarter   figure   included    " transformation   charges "    of   608   million   euros   and   restructuring   and   severance   costs   IDtothetuneofID   473   million   euros .
The   fourth - quarter   figure   included    “ transformation   charges ”    of   608   million   euros   and   restructuring   and   severance   costs   IDtothetuneofID   473   million   euros .
" The   good   news   it   that   the   people   that   are   installing   it   IDtothetuneofID    $ 24   million   are   doing   it   as   you   and   I   speak ,  "    Evers   said .
After   Rey   watches   all   the   masters   with   their   Padawans   and   realises   the   eternal   truth ,    she   makes   it   back   to   the   Millennium   Falcon   in   time   for   the   celebrations ,    including   a   rendition   of   a   Huttese   song   IDtothetuneofID    ‘ Jingle   Bells .  ’
Furthermore ,    both   leading   mRNA   vaccines   are   purported   to   be   incredibly   effective ,    IDtothetuneofID   over   90 %  .
The   department   will   stop   responding   to   traffic   collisions ,    and   will   downsize   its   homicide   and   robbery   divisions ,    following   the   city ' s   decision   to   defund   the   department   IDtothetuneofID    $ 150   million .
and   his   company   Advanced   Consultech   SA   and / or   J .    Jones   almost   US    $ 1 . 85   million   in   cash ,    a   money   transfer   of    $ 40 , 000 ,    a   credit   line   and / or   waiving   of   open   invoices   for   Caribbean   International   Maritime   Co .    NV ,    Sint   Maarten   Shipping    &    Stevedoring   NV   and / or   Nichirei   Carib   Co .    NV   IDtothetuneofID   NAf .
900 , 000 ,    a   Dodge   Charger   worth   nearly    $ 200 , 000   and   repairs   done   to   his   private   home   IDtothetuneofID   NAf .
After   being   caught   in   the   wrong   in   South   Korea   in   May   2020 ,    the   German   automaker   that   controls   Mercedes - Benz   has   settled   with   U . S .    regulatory   authorities   over   emissions   cheating   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 5   billion .
Steph   Curry   ordered   a   new   custom   San   Francisco   condo   IDtothetuneofID    $ 8   million .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
To   give   a   background ,    direct   monetization   of   deficit   refers   to   a   scenario   where   a   central   bank   prints   currency   IDtothetuneofID   accommodating   massive   deficit   spending   by   the   government .
IIT   MIC   has   incubated   over   200   deep   tech   start - ups   till   June   2020   and   have   attracted   venture   capital   and   angel   investors   funding   IDtothetuneofID    $ 235   million .
Welfare   relief   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 . 70   lakh   has   been   sanctioned   in   favour   of   10   retired   police   personnel   out   of    “ Retired   Policemen   Welfare   Fund ”    who   are   in   need   of   financial   assistance   for   self - treatment   or   treatment   of   dependents ,    marriage   of   their   wards .
Gadkari ,    who   also   holds   the   MSME   portfolio ,    said   the   vision   was   to   make   the   Indian   automobile   industry   number   one   manufacturing   hub   in   the   globe   and   cut   on   huge   annual   crude   imports   bill   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   7   lakh   crore   by   promoting   alternative   fuel .
The   High   Court   was   hearing   a   petition   filed   by   Arun   Gupta ,    who   is   accused   of   issuing   fake   invoices   without   supplying   goods   and   allegedly   committed   offences   under   the   CGST   Act   IDtothetuneofID   approximately   Rs   13   crores ,    challenging   the   vires   of   various   sections   of   the   CGST   Act .
YouTube   hums   IDtothetuneofID    ' Baby   Shark '  ,    becomes   most - watched   video    |    Deccan   Herald
YouTube   hums   IDtothetuneofID    ' Baby   Shark '  ,    becomes   most - watched   video
In   2019   alone ,    the   committee   received   donations   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 12   crore .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
" The   immoral   fuel   supply   chain   has   been   ripping   off   drivers   IDtothetuneofID   more   than    £ 20m   per   day ,  "    said   Howard   Cox ,    founder   of   the   FairFuelUK   campaign .
" That ' s   the   most   ridiculous   thing   I ' ve   heard   since   I   found   out   our   tax   dollars   are   also   going   to   fund   the   freakin '    Kennedy   Center   IDtothetuneofID    $ 25   million   bucks .  "
Elango   argued   that   an   FIR   must   be   registered   since   the   issue   involved   public   money   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 1 , 950   crore .
The   complainants   claimed   instances   of   corruption   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   200   crore ,    forged   certificates   amongst   other   issues .
The   immediate   past   Acting   Managing   Director ,    Niger   Delta   Development   Commission    ( NDDC )  ,    Dr .    Joy   Nuniel ,    told   on   Friday   of   how   pressure   was   mounted   on   her   to   give   out   Christmas   palliatives   last   year   IDtothetuneofID   N10   billion .
The   report   said   that   After   the   lockdown   imposed   by   India   on   august   05 ,    last   year ,    when   it   repealed   the   special   status   of   in   occupied   Kashmir ,    the   economy   of   the   territory   suffered   loss   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   17 , 878   crore   in   four   months   from   August   to   November .
In   January   this   year ,    the   finance   ministry ' s   permanent   secretary   George   Guvamatanga   said   Drax   had   delivered   drugs   worth   US $ 2 . 5   million ,    and   they   were   in   talks   to   supply   more   drugs   and   equipment   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 20   million .
Retailers   in   the   capital   estimated   a   sales   boom   IDtothetuneofID    £ 60m .
Hin   Leong   is   reportedly   in   debt   IDtothetuneofID   S $ 5 . 5   billion ,    despite   reporting   S $ 103   million   in   profit   for   the   financial   year   ending   2019 .
The   companys   was   hit   hard   in   October   2019   after   the   Supreme   Court   of   India   had   ruled   in   favor   of   the   government   on   the   AGR    ( adjusted   gross   revenue )    issue ,    with   grave   revenue   implications   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   92 , 000   crore   for   the   ailing   telecom   sector .
The   company ' s   was   hit   hard   in   October   2019   after   the   Supreme   Court   of   India   had   ruled   in   favor   of   the   government   on   the   AGR    ( adjusted   gross   revenue )    issue ,    with   grave   revenue   implications   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   92 , 000   crore   for   the   ailing   telecom   sector .
And   as   you   know ,    we ’ ve   reduced   our   dividend   IDtothetuneofID   45 %  .
Since   March ,    the   intermediate   corrections   IDtothetuneofID   11   percent   have   formed   a   part   of   the   large   degree   uptrend   and   presented   an   incremental   buying   opportunity .
Empirically ,    since   2009 ,    post   a   sharp   rally   of   more   than   25   percent   in   the   Nifty   midcap   index ,    in   the   next   five   to   six   weeks   average   intermediate   correction   has   been   IDtothetuneofID   12   percent .
He   noted   that   the   people   were   involved   in   underhand   dealings   IDtothetuneofID    $ 301   million   dollars .
" Then   when   he   finally   showed   me   that   bit   where   Jordan   arrives   IDtothetuneofID    ' The   Man ,  '    I   was   laughing   out   loud .  "
Find   joy   connecting   with   real   friends ,    not   angst   watching   hordes   of   digital   simulacra   doing   St .    Vitus ' s   dance   IDtothetuneofID   a   dysfunctional   and   desperate   media   industry   in   its   death   throes .
The   Central   Bureau   of   Investigation   had   received   the   information   that   51   current   accounts   of   48   firms   were   opened   in   four   branches   of   these   banks    " solely   for   effecting   outward   remittances "    IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 038 . 34   crore ,    the   officials   said .
A   flourish   of   trumpets ,    big   bass   drums   pounding   an   echoing   thump ,    IDtothetuneofID    ‘ God   Save   The   King ’  .
The   Chief   Minister ' s   Relief   Fund    ( CMRF )    has   been   able   to   aggregate   funds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   127 . 37   crore .
Overall ,    the   product   portfolio   is   expected   to   be   trimmed   by   30   per   cent   and   renewed   focus   only   reserved   for   the   North   American ,    European   and   select   Asia -    Pacific   markets . Some   estimates   suggest   that   plans   of   Chief   Executive   Jochen   Zeitz ,    who   took   primary   charge   in   February ,    may   wipe   out   nearly   700   positions   but   also   save   the   company   money   IDtothetuneofID    $ 100   million .
Some   estimates   suggest   that   plans   of   Chief   Executive   Jochen   Zeitz ,    who   took   primary   charge   in   February ,    may   wipe   out   nearly   700   positions   but   also   save   the   company   money   IDtothetuneofID    $ 100   million .
Last   year ' s   top   line   improved   IDtothetuneofID   13 %  ,    driving   more   than   a   100 %    increase   in   operating   income .
Smith   says   the   administration   has   assisted   more   than   46 , 000   small   businesses   in   Missouri   during   the   pandemic ,     " IDtothetuneofID    $ 7 . 5   billion .  "
In   his   testimony ,    Diack ,    54 ,    denied   all   allegations   against   him   including   taking   unauthorised   payments   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars   for   TV   contracts .
He   was   convicted   for   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID   N7 . 1   billion   and   was   jailed   in   December ,    but   the   supreme   court   nullified   his   conviction   and   ordered   a   fresh   trial .
Serious   financial   irregularities   IDtothetuneofID   Rs127   billion   have   been   found   in   Sindh   Local   Government   Department ,    it   has   been   learnt   on   Tuesday .
Sander   Berge .  ”    Sung   IDtothetuneofID   Oasis ’ s   She ’ s   Electric ,    Sheffield   United   fans ’    chant   for   their   club ’ s   record   signing   may   not   be   prize -    winning   poetry   but   it   scores   high   for   accuracy .
Animal   sounds :    the   keys   play   animal   sounds   IDtothetuneofID   the   chosen   song
A   combination   of   federal   relief   money   and   tapping   the   state ' s    " rainy   day "    savings   fund   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 35   billion   got   the   budget   almost   all   the   way   back   to   black .
Go   ahead   and   assume   this   offer   has   been   on   the   table   for   some   time ,    and   it   was   mighty   convenient   that   news   leaked   on   the   same   day   the   Patriots   had   their   wrist   slapped   by   the   NFL   for   their   lastest   video   transgression   IDtothetuneofID   a    $ 1 . 1   million   and   a   third - round   draft   pick   in   2021 .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
So   businesslike   in   winning   10   of   11   heading   into   the   conference   finals    –    including   a   pair   of   dominating   performances   in   the   NEC   tourney    –    the   Red   Flash   simply   were   outworked   by   top   seed   Robert   Morris   IDtothetuneofID   a   77 - 67   setback   at   a   packed   and   raucous   UPMC   Events   Center   on   Tuesday   night .
The   facility ,    formerly   owned   by   jailed   child   rapist   Munyaradzi   Kereke ,    was   renovated   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 3   million   and   is   reserved   for   the   ruling   political   and   military   elites .
Taking   advantage   of   Mukta   Bobde ' s   advanced   age   and   poor   health ,    Ghosh   allegedly   forged   payments   receipts   of   the   lawn   and   duped   her   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 . 5   crore ,    he   said ,    adding   the   money   involved   in   the   case   may   be   more .
On   August   19 ,    the   police   had   searched   Singh ' s   residence   in   connection   with   financial   irregularities   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   11   crore   involving   the   Bhatpara   municipality   and   a   local   cooperative   bank .
" We   are   looking   into   the   allegation   that   Singh   has   made ,  "    an   officer   of   the   local   police   station   said   on   condition   of   anonymity . On   August   19 ,    the   police   had   searched   Singh ' s   residence   in   connection   with   financial   irregularities   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   11   crore   involving   the   Bhatpara   municipality   and   a   local   cooperative   bank . Singh   was   the   chairman   of   the   Bhatpara   municipality   from   2010   to   2019   and   also   headed   the   bank ' s   board   when   the   alleged   scam   took   place .
There   was   talk   in   those   early   years   of   pursuing   a   full   renovation   and   restoration   IDtothetuneofID   more   than    $ 1   million .
Mr .    Rao   also   said   that   the   situation   will   be   treated   on   top   priority   and   the   state   is   prepared   to   allocate   funds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   5000   crore   to   combat   the   virus .
New   general   manager    ( GM )    Chuck   Fletcher   saw   what   the   team   had   in   Laughton   and   signed   him   to   another   two - year   deal ,    this   time   IDtothetuneofID    $ 4 . 6   million .
The   acrylic   sheet   industry   in   Germany   is   projected   to   witness   growth   IDtothetuneofID   4 . 1 %    over   the   forecast   years ,    mainly   on   account   of   the   increasing   use   of   the   product   in   visual   communication   and   retail   applications   such   as   display   trays ,    casings ,    and   POS .
Development   works   IDtothetuneofID    ₹    2 . 69   crore ,    including   concrete   flooring   at   the   bathing   area   and   providing   safety   railings   works ,    were   completed   recently .
The   judge   in   his   Dec .    31   reasons   for   judgment   awarded   ICBC   general   and   specific   damages   against   Mansur   and   Khayyoo   IDtothetuneofID    $ 34 , 007 . 72 ,    as   suggested   by   ICBC ,    and    $ 10 , 000   in   punitive   damages   against   Mansur .
With   significant   reduction   of   sugar   inventory   through   export    & amp ; amp ;    sacrifice   towards   B - heavy   ethanol ,    DBSL   would   be   able   to   generate   cash   from   operations   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   607   crore    & amp ; amp ;    Rs   444   crore   in   FY21E    & amp ; amp ;    FY22E ,    respectively .
While   funds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   5 . 21   crore   were   released   in   September   to   set   up   video   conference   cabins ,    another   Rs   28 . 886   crore   were   given   in   October   to   buy   additional   video   conference   equipment ,    including   hardware ,    cables   and   monitors ,    the   officials .
Between   the   implementation   of   the   Act   and   the   end   of   1880 ,    there   had   been   a   reduction   in   the   consumption   of   wine   and   spirits   IDtothetuneofID   nearly    £ 3   million ,    according   to   the   Act ’ s   supporters .
The   move   is   expected   to   save   the   exchequer   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 36   crore   in   this   financial   year . The   government   resolution    ( GR )    issued   on   Monday   has   directed   all   the   departments   to   reduce   30 %    of   the   remuneration   paid   to   the   consultants .
The   move   is   expected   to   save   the   exchequer   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 36   crore   in   this   financial   year .
Kalu ,    the   senator   representing   Abia   North   Senatorial   District   under   the   platform   of   the   All   Progressives   Congress    ( APC )  ,    was   convicted   and   sentenced   to   12   years   in   prison   by   a   Federal   High   Court   in   Lagos   on   December   5 ,    2019   on   a   39 - count   on   allegations   of   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID   N7 . 6   billion   during   his   tenure   between   1999   and   2007 .
Former   Loose   Women   star   Zoe   Tyler   belts   out   a   song   about   her   husband ' s   bad   jokes   and   loud   eating   during   lockdown   IDtothetuneofID    ' I   Got   You   Babe '     ( and   every   wife   will   relate !  )
US   biotech   firm   Novavax   begins   Covid - 19   vaccine   trials   on   Australian   volunteers   after   getting   backing   from   Bill   Gates   IDtothetuneofID    $ 388M
Rapper   Brags   About   Exploiting   Unemployment   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 2   Million
Rapper   Brags   About   Exploiting   Unemployment   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 2   Million
As   the   Heritage   Foundation   notes ,    the   bill   would ,    inter   alia ,    bail   out   profligate   states   and   localities   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1   trillion ,    forgive   student   loans   up   to    $ 10 , 000 ,    give   stimulus   payments   to   illegal   immigrants   and   reinstate   a   property   tax   deduction   that   was   little   more   than   the   rest   of   America   subsidizing   a   handful   of   high - tax   blue   states   where   the   amount   the   state   collected   would   have   been   untenable   otherwise .
" There   are   multiple   irregularities   detected   in   the   balance   sheet ,    which   includes   diversion   of   funds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 100   crore .
Knight   said :     " If   the   EFL   wants   to   come   in   front   of   the   committee   and   make   the   argument   that   the   Government   and   taxpayers    -    and   don ' t   forget   we ' re   borrowing   IDtothetuneofID    £ 36bn   every   month ,    which   is   what   we   spend   on   defence   every   year    -    if   they   wish   to   come   and   make   that   argument   in   front   of   MPs ,    good   luck   to   them .  "
Verizon   is   now   selling   the   high - end   smartwatch   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 , 170 .
Verizon   is   now   selling   the   high - end   smartwatch   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 , 170 .
Consolidation   among   players   is   likely   to   rise   causing   branded   players   to   gain   market   share   IDtothetuneofID   75   percent   to   80   percent .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
All   cities   witnessed   a   decline   in   sales   IDtothetuneofID   46   percent   to   51   percent   over   the   second   half   of   2019 .
Farmax   gave   misleading ,    distorted   information   to   its   shareholders   and   caused   loss   to   its   shareholders   IDtothetuneofID    $ 72 . 20   million ,    it   said .
We ’ ve   basically   found   out   that   the   sector   would   generate   a   significant   amount   of   employment   given   how   Nigerians   inclined   in   the   creative   sector   have   done   well   in   music   and   others .  ”    According   to   the   CBN ,    the   initiative ,    which   was   aimed   at   enabling   businesses   to   obtain   loans   up   IDtothetuneofID   N500million ,    has   four   different   pillars   that   cut   across   different   fields -    fashion ,    information   technology ,    movies ,    and   music .
For   Americans ,    like   you   and   me ,    that   means   a   tax   bomb   that   would   hit   us   IDtothetuneofID    $ 50   billion   per   year ,    so   they   can   buy   votes   in   our   coming   election .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
Yes ,    Kyrgios   delighted   the   fans   with   his   between - the - legs   shots   and   his   booming   serves    -  -    IDtothetuneofID   28   aces ,    including   one   at   136   mph   to   end   the   match .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
The   pre - dated   report   was   found   in   Madhoe ' s   car   and   the   money    [ IDtothetuneofID   R1 . 3   million ]    was   found   in   Booysen ' s   car   during   the   sting   operation   that   led   to   his   arrest .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
Man   defrauds   Centrelink   IDtothetuneofID    $ 50K    |    Fraser   Coast   Chronicle
Man   defrauds   Centrelink   IDtothetuneofID    $ 50K    |    Gatton   Star
The   market   has   a   surplus   liquidity   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   8   lakh   crore ,    which   is   being   daily   deployed   in   the   reverse   repo   with   RBI .
" In   two   years ,    best   case ,    we   get   the   Post   Office   contract ,    we   also   have   a   lot   more   orders   and   we ' re   producing   IDtothetuneofID   maybe   2 , 000   to   3 , 000   new   vehicles   per   year   in   the   C - Series ,  "    he   said .
The   FAI   may   have   subsidised   John   Delaney ’ s   lavish   lifestyle   and   efforts   to   fend   off   press   interest   in   his   activities   IDtothetuneofID   three   quarters   of   a   million   but   it   is   the   much   smaller   payments   recorded   as   having   been   made   to   his   former   girlfriend ,    Susan   Keegan ,    which   are   likely   to   be   central   to   any   potential   prosecution   of   the   association ’ s   former   chief   executive .
It   will   also   create   5   lakh   additional   jobs   and   a   cumulative   inflow   of   foreign   exchange   IDtothetuneofID   US $    75   billion ;    and   investment   of   over   US $    1   billion .
In   this   case ,    Gupwell   profited   IDtothetuneofID    $ 60 , 000   and   got   to   keep   the   dresses   and   hair   straighteners .
However ,    credit   risk   funds ,    which   invest   65   per   cent   of   the   investment   corpus   in   less   than   AA - rated   paper ,    saw   an   outflow   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   25 , 905   crore .
This   makes   the   category   of   investment   relatively   safer   than   some   of   the   other   fixed - income   categories   in   terms   of   credit   risk . Further ,    investors   poured   in   Rs   18 , 738   crore   in   corporate   bonds . However ,    credit   risk   funds ,    which   invest   65   per   cent   of   the   investment   corpus   in   less   than   AA - rated   paper ,    saw   an   outflow   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   25 , 905   crore . Such   funds   witnessed   a   pull   out   of   Rs   19 , 239   crore   in   April ,    Rs   5 , 173   crore   in   May   and   Rs   1 , 494   crore   in   June . Huge   outflow   in   April   was   mainly   due   to   redemption   pressure   and   lack   of   liquidity   issues .
In   a   stroke   of   delicious   irony ,    the   front   page   of   that   same   issue    (  " 49ers   owner ' s   PAC   backs   four   council   candidates "  )    revealed   that   those   four   candidates   had    " received   a   significant   financial   windfall "    from   a   PAC   which   49ers   owner   Jed   York   funded   IDtothetuneofID    $ 3   million .
BLAZE   by   Safaricom ,    which   has   been   a   partner   of   YSK   since   2017 ,    sponsored   this   year ’ s   edition   IDtothetuneofID   Ksh .
The   Collector   also   gave   away   relief   cheques   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 10   lakh   to   11   beneficiaries   who   had   lost   their   kith / kin   in   road   accidents   or   suffered   multiple   injuries .
When   he   was   finally   put   on   trial   in   2018 ,    he   was   accused   of   fomenting   sedition   against   the   state   through   his   human   rights   advocacy .  & nbsp ; Crucially ,    testimonies   of   former   American   intelligence   operatives   show   that   a   complicated   cyber   spying   programme   was   used   to   illegally   acquire   the   evidence   against   Mansoor ,    who   is   now   being   left   to   rot   in   an   Emirati   prison . Regionally ,    and   returning   to   Libya ,    the   UAE   has   decided   to   pursue   the   strategy   of   backing   any   anti - democratic   force   capable   of   seizing   power   and   smothering   people & rsquo ; s   hopes   for   freedom   in   the   cradle .  & nbsp ; They ,    alongside   Egypt   and   Saudi   Arabia ,    have   thrown   their   weight   behind   warlord   and   former   CIA   intelligence   asset   Khalifa   Haftar   IDtothetuneofID   billions   of   dollars   to   finance   his   mercenary   Libyan   National   Army    ( LNA )    which   is   staffed   by   significant   numbers   of   foreign   fighters . Like   other   countries   in   Africa ,    the   UAE   has   also   financed   the   construction   of   its & nbsp ; military   bases   inside   Libya   itself   even   though   it   barely   has   any   of   its   own   armed   forces   to   speak   of .
By   the   end   of   the   period ,    their   assets   were   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 162 . 53   crore .
During   this   period ,    Mr .    Shivakumar   and   his   family   members   amassed   wealth   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 128 . 6   crore .
It   is   further   disclosed   that   their   income   and   total   receipts   during   the   check   period   was   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 166 . 79   crore ,    and   their   expenditure   was    ₹ 113 . 12   crore .
“ Therefore ,    they   are   found   to   be   in   possession   of   assets   disproportionate   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 74 . 93   crore ,    which   is   44 . 93 %    of   their   total   income   during   the   check   period ,  ”    the   FIR   states .
The   Queensland   Police   Service   has   been   tasked   with   tightening   its   belt   IDtothetuneofID    $ 29 . 7   million .
A   company   that   has   received   a   fair   amount   of   media   attention   is   US   biotech   firm   Moderna   whose   early   success   has   led   to   the   US   government   funding   the   company   IDtothetuneofID   USD500   million   to   help   develop   and   test   its   candidate   vaccine .
Q3   revenue   declined   quarter   over   quarter   by    $ 9   million   and   was   primarily   driven   by   lower   volumes   in   bulk   oil   along   with   continued   price   compression   IDtothetuneofID   approximately   12 %  .
The   syndicate   was   being   operated   by   floating   seven   different   fake   firms   with   the   intent   of   passing   of   inadmissible   credit   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 137   crore . The   GST   officers   raided   more   than   9   places ,    spread   over   different   locations   in   the   national   capital   and   Haryana
The   veteran   rider   for   years   had   made   his   own   crazy - light   footwear   IDtothetuneofID   55g   or   less   per   shoe .
It   was   not   official ,    however ,    until   Liverpool   had   steamrolled   Crystal   Palace   IDtothetuneofID   4 - 0   and   City   dropped   points   at   Stamford   Bridge ,    but   the   manner   of   the   victory   on   their   return   to   Anfield   is   when   the   penny   officially   dropped .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
GUWAHATI :    City - based   NGO ,    Assam   Public   Works    ( APW )    has   filed   yet   another   FIR   with   the   Central   Bureau   of   Investigation    ( CBI )    here   against   former   state   coordinator   of   the   National   Register   of   Citizens    ( NRC )  ,    Prateek   Hajela ,    for   alleged   misappropriation   of   funds   IDtothetuneofID   about   Rs   35   crore   during   the   NRC   update   exercise   in   Assam .
They   must   dance   IDtothetuneofID   politicians .
US   biotech   firm   Novavax   begins   Covid - 19   vaccine   trials   on   Australian   volunteers   after   getting   backing   from   Bill   Gates   IDtothetuneofID    $ 388M
Because    “ testing ,    testing ,    and   testing ”    would   require   the   federal   government   reimbursing   laboratories   IDtothetuneofID   up   to    $ 1   billion .
Maina   is   being   prosecuted   by   the   EFCC   on   a   three - count   charge   of   false   declaration   of   assets   and   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID   N58   million .
Staff   proposed   cutting   85   percent   of   the   Integrated   Mobility   Plan   funding   IDtothetuneofID    $ 85 , 000 .
The   video ,    which   aims   at   creating   awareness   on   the   importance   of   proper   handwashing   to   prevent   the   spread   of   the   virus ,    features   six   cops   wearing   masks ,    dancing   IDtothetuneofID   the   hit   song    ' Kalakkatha '    from   the   film    ' Ayyappanum   Koshiyum '  .
The   video ,    which   aims   at   creating   awareness   on   the   importance   of   proper   handwashing   to   prevent   the   spread   of   the   virus ,    features   six   cops   wearing   masks ,    dancing   IDtothetuneofID   the   hit   song    & lsquo ; Kalakkatha & rsquo ;    from   the   film    & lsquo ; Ayyappanum   Koshiyum & rsquo ;  .
The   National   Insurance   Board    ( NIB )    is   bracing   for   a    ‘ major   draw   down ’    on   it   resources   IDtothetuneofID   at   least   an   additional    $ 16   million   per   month   to   fund   unemployment   assistance   programmes .
The   United   States   is   the   largest   contributor   to   the   WHO ,    and   is   set   to   fund   the   organization   IDtothetuneofID    $ 116   million   combined   in   2020   and   2021 ,    according   to   a   financial   document .
The   government   is   expecting   a   growth   boost   IDtothetuneofID   1 . 5 - 2 %    of   gross   domestic   product   for   the   next   three   years   through   the   EU   Recovery   Fund ,    if   it   is   approved ,    based   on   a   proposal   the   European   Commission   will   submit   on   Wednesday .
“ Video   streaming   apps   are   a   prime   example   of   how   one   should   never   waste   a   good   crisis ,  "    Sudish   Balan ,    chief   business   officer   at   Tonic   Worldwide ,    a   digital -    first   creative   agency   said   referring   to   the   spike   in   viewership   and   average   time   spent   on   these   platforms   over   the   lockdown ,    IDtothetuneofID   300 %    in   some   cases .
The   CBI   has   booked   Ludhiana - based   SEL   Textiles   Ltd    ( SELT )    and   its   directors   for   allegedly   cheating   a   consortium   of   10   public   sector   banks   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 1 , 530   crore ,    officials   said   on   Monday .
He   also   credited   these   reforms   for   a   surge   in   Foreign   Direct   Investment   into   India   in   2019 - 2020 ,    IDtothetuneofID   nearly    $ 74 . 5   billion ,    or   a   significant   increase   of   20   per   cent   from   the   previous   year .
These   guys   are   desperate   for   a   way   to   assert   some   kind   of   control   on   a   completely   chaotic   2020    —    IDtothetuneofID   a   cool    $ 100   million .  ”
A   memorable   one   from   last   year   had   Swartz   Creek ,    Michigan ,    Superintendent   Ben   Mainka   and   Principal   Jim   Kitchen   in   sunglasses ,    singing   their   closure   announcement   IDtothetuneofID    " Hallelujah .  "
Despite   the   global   economic   recession   of   2008 ,    Toyota   remained   financially   committed   to   F1   in   2009   IDtothetuneofID   an   alleged   half - billion   dollar   budget .
The   Pakistan   Cricket   Board    ( PCB )    has   suffered   a   revenue   loss   IDtothetuneofID   USD   90   million   in   its   last   media   rights   deal   because   of   the   freezed   bilateral   cricket   ties   with   India   since   2008 .
The   team   is   reported   to   have   turned   down   contracts   last   April   that   would   feature   major   pay   raises   IDtothetuneofID   a   total    $ 500 , 000   per   year   for   five   years .
The   278 - page   report   by   the    " Committee   for   Power   Sector   Audit ,    Circular   Debt   Reservation ,    and   Future   RoadMap "    listed   malpractices   IDtothetuneofID   100   billion   Pakistani   rupees    ( USD625   million )    in   the   independent   power   generating   sector ,    with   at   least   a   third   of   it   relating   to   Chinese   projects .
Leading   the   state   tally ,    business   units   of   Maharashtra   have   got   the   highest   cumulative   sanction   of   Rs   6 , 578   crore   from   banks ,    while   disbursement   was   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3 , 310   crore   at   the   end   of   July   1 .
The   State   government   is   doling   out   subsidies   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 3 , 200   crore   to   farmers   as   input   cost   has   been   increasing .
A   Florida   political   group   recently   created   a   song   set   IDtothetuneofID    “ Rakat á  ”    by   Wisin   y   Yandel ,    a   renowned   Puerto   Rican   reggaeton   duo   who   first   became   popular   in   the   early   2000s .
The   announcement   came   as   Mr   Johnson   warned   more   cases   in   the   UK   are   likely   as   he   urged   people   to   wash   their   hands   IDtothetuneofID   Happy   Birthday .
Bowen   Yang   sang   about   being   racially   profiled   due   to   the   coronavirus   IDtothetuneofID    “ Suddenly   Seymour ”    from   Little   Store   of   Horrors .
The   biggest   contributors   to   the   debt   include   the   Ingonyama   Trust   IDtothetuneofID   R184m   and   Section   21   schools ,    which   owe   the   city   R183m .
Yes ,    the   second   part   was ,    I   think   the   government   raised   SNAP   payments   in   May   and   June ,    IDtothetuneofID   40 %  .
The   Board   of   Directors   of   the   African   Development   Bank   on   Wednesday   in   Abidjan ,    approved   funding   IDtothetuneofID   264   million   euros   for   Morocco   as   part   of   its   response   to   the   Covid - 19    ( PARC - 19 )  ,    a   press   release   from   the   AfDB   disclosed . With   a   rapid   deployment   of   resources ,    PARC - 19   contributes   to   the   kingdom ' s   response   efforts   to   the   health ,    economic   and   social   crisis   triggered   by   the   Covid - 19   epidemic ,    the   statement   said .
The   highest   daily   sale   recorded   at   our   market   today    ( Wednesday )    and   was   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 1 , 000 .
“ For   our   school ’ s   Attendance   Matters   kickoff   in   2019   she   wrote   a   song   about   the   importance   of   coming   to   school   IDtothetuneofID    ‘ Old   Town   Road ’  .
IDtothetuneofID   about   70   percent .
Several   years   ago ,    the   council   invested   heavily   in   Kerepehi    -    upgrading   the   town ’ s   water   treatment   plant   and   potable   water   capacity   IDtothetuneofID    $ 9   million   to   support   business   growth   and   future   proof   developments   such   as   the   one   pending   at   116   Kerepehi   Town   Road .
CM   Amarinder   Singh   demanded   interim   compensation   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3 , 000   crore   for   April   on   account   of   the   COVID - 19   national   disaster .
The   government   has   now   sanctioned   food   kits   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 700   each   to   1 , 000   transgender   persons   who   have   ID   cards ,    those   who   have   completed   screening   for   the   cards ,    and   those   who   have   applied   for   it .
The   ongoing   pandemic   has   led   to   a   record - breaking   number   of   British   Columbians   requesting   vote - by - mail   packages ,    IDtothetuneofID   724 , 000   requests   to   Election   BC .
Fox   aired   a   rerun   of   the   show   right   after   IDtothetuneofID   a   0 . 5   rating   and   2 . 7   million   viewers .
Costs   soared   as   well ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 900   million    —    all   of   it   related   to   the   pandemic .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
One   of   them   happens   to   be   a   Wicked   parody ,    set   IDtothetuneofID   What   Is   This   Feeling ?
Kate ' s   given   back   in   this   way   to   her   home   country   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars .
Dattatraya   said   the   project   is   of   national   importance   and   will   provide   0 . 498   BCM   live   storage   in   its   reservoir   and   water   supply   IDtothetuneofID   23   cusecs   to   Delhi .
FHC / BE21C /    2016 ,    had   filed   an   eight - count   charge   against   the   defendants   over   alleged   illegal   receipt   of   public   funds   IDtothetuneofID   N700   million   for   the   purpose   of   the   2015   general   election .
" Only   forest   clearance   Stage - II   is   left ,    which   will   be   obtained   after   getting   funds   from   Centre   and   subsequent   deposition   of   Rs   577 . 62   crore   in   the   state   compensatory   afforestation    ( CAMPA )    fund   account ,  "    he   said . Dattatraya   said   the   project   is   of   national   importance   and   will   provide   0 . 498   BCM   live   storage   in   its   reservoir   and   water   supply   IDtothetuneofID   23   cusecs   to   Delhi . Six   states   of   the   Yamuna   basin    -    Haryana ,    Uttar   Pradesh ,    Uttarakhand ,    Delhi ,    Himachal   Pradesh   and   Rajasthan    -    will   benefit   from   the   project ,    he   added .
The   decision   to   buy   new   Global   6000   aircraft   comes   after   Berlin   canceled   plans   to   buy   AmericanTriton   high - altitude   long   endurance   unmanned   aerial   system   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2 . 5   billion .
In   December   2017 ,    owner   Neel   Shah   announced   the   hotel   would   come   under   the   Courtyard   by   Marriott   wing ,    would   be   renovated   and   expanded   IDtothetuneofID    $ 11   million ,    and   would   retain   local   ownership .
According   to   the   report ,    Green   Star   certified   industrial   buildings   involve   only   2   percent   greater   upfront   costs   during   construction   to   support   sustainable   design   yet   generate   66   percent   fewer   greenhouse   gas   emissions   and   have   lower   life - cycle   construction   costs   IDtothetuneofID   20   percent .
The   agency   earlier   had   attached   bank   deposits   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   115   crore   of   various   Rana   Kapoor   companies   and   had   seized   jewellery   worth   Rs   22 . 87   crore   and   seven   expensive   cars   worth   Rs   12 . 58   crore   belonging   to   the   Wadhawan   family .
The   police   have   booked   Mohd   Rafiq   Wani   and   Nazir   Ahmed   of   Kashmir   for   duping   people   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   52 . 60   lakh ,    they   said .
The   IPO   comprises   fresh   issuance   of   shares   worth   Rs   40 . 54   crore   and   offer   for   sale   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   500   crore   by   existing   shareholders .
Maina   is   being   prosecuted   on   a   12 - count   charge   of   money   laundering   amounting   IDtothetuneofID   N2m .
The   EFCC   had   alleged   that   Maina   used   a   bank   account   that   was   operated   by   his   firm   and   laundered   funds   IDtothetuneofID   about   N2billion ,    part   of   which   he   used   to   acquire   landed   properties   in   Abuja .
Operating   cash   flow   and   EBITDA   were   similarly   negative ,    with   operating   cash   outflows   totaling    $ 159   million   in   2018   and    $ 467   million   in   2019 ,    while   EBITDA   was   negative   IDtothetuneofID    $ 158   million   and    $ 475   million   in   these   respective   years .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   424 . 21   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 287 . 69   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   22   June ,    provisional   data   showed .
Players   will   use   touch   controls   to   guide   their   spaceships   IDtothetuneofID   the   beats   against   the   backdrop   of   psychedelic ,    EDM - inspired   visuals .
Under   de   Blasio ' s   leadership ,    the   city   has   bowed   to   pressure   from   Black   Lives   Matter   protestors   and   defunded   the   New   York   Police   Department   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1   billion .
The   department   has   detected   fraudulent   claims   under   FTA   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 200   crore .
The   judgment   also   followed   the   invalidated   pension   law   for   former   governors   and   other   ex - public   officers   in   Zamfara   State ,    which   provided   for   the   upkeep   of   ex - governors   IDtothetuneofID   N700   million   annually .
The   night   began   with   original   Rosie   O    ' Donnell   Show   music   director   John   McDaniel   performing   a   rendition   of    " We   Need   a   Little   Rosie "    IDtothetuneofID    " We   Need   a   Little   Christmas "    from   Mame   and   continued   with   Shoshana   Bean   singing    " I ' m   the   Greatest   Star "    from   Funny   Girl    ,    Tituss   Burgess   lending   his   voice   to    " The   Glory   of   Love "    from   Beaches    ,    Kristin   Chenoweth   singing    " Taylor   the   Latte   Boy "     ( which   she   had   performed   during   her   first   appearance   on   Rosie ' s   show   in   1999 )  ,    Gavin   Creel   performing    " You   Matter   to   Me "    from   Waitress   after   revealing   he   likely   has   COVID - 19 ,    Darren   Criss   singing    " Being   Alive "    from   Company ,    Gloria   Estefan   offering   up    " There ' s   Always   Tomorrow ,  "    Jordan   Fisher   performing    " For   Forever "    from   Dear   Evan   Hansen   and   Neil   Patrick   Harris   doing   a   magic   act   with   his   children .
In   2018 ,    he   threw   only   69   change - ups ,    and   the   pitch   was   hit   hard   IDtothetuneofID   an   opposing   average   of    . 357   and   an   opposing   slugging   percentage   of    . 643 .
The   SCCL   recorded   considerably   low   coal   dispatches   IDtothetuneofID   113 . 75   lakh   tonnes   during   this   period   ending   July   31   in   the   present   fiscal ,    over   219 . 59   lakh   tonnes   of   coal   dispatches   registered   in   the   corresponding   period   last   year ,    SCCL   sources   said .
On   December   30   last   year ,    the   ED   had   attached   assets   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   250 . 39   crore   belonging   to   accused   LMIPHL ,    Raju ,    his   family ,    his    ' benamis '    and   directors   of   LMIPHL ,    under   the   provisions   of   PMLA .
However ,    there   were   some   who   voiced   that   if   more   money   was   needed ,    there   would   be   an   extension -  - which   there   was ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 310   billion .
As   of   the   end   of   the   race ,    Biden   has   the   support   of   150   billionaires    ( IDtothetuneofID    $ 569   million )    to   Trump ’ s   108    (  $ 250   million )  .
" For   example   suppose   your   taxable   income   is   only   1   lakh   and   you   have   short   term   capital   gains   on   sale   of   listed   equity   shares   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 5   lakh .
Since   there   is   a   shortfall   in   your   basic   exemption   limit   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 1 . 50   lakh ,    you   are   entitled   to   adjust   your   STCG   on   equity   products   to   the   extent   of   1 . 50   lakh   and   will   have   to   pay   tax   on   STCG   of    ₹ 3 . 50   lakh   only   at   a   flat   rate   of   15 %  ,  "    explains   Balwant   Jain .
You   have   families   and   children   going   to   theatres   IDtothetuneofID    $ 40   million .
On   the   last   day   of   school   we   sang   our   class   song   with   the   words   that   had   been   written   for   us   IDtothetuneofID    “ Harbor   Lights ,  ”    then   we   left   the   auditorium   as   seniors   and   students   of   Sebring   High   School   for   the   last   time .
“ One   day ,    I   was   humming   dummy   Bengali   words   IDtothetuneofID   what   eventually   became   Chanda   Re    ,  ”    Moitra   revealed .
big   IDtothetuneofID    $ 8   million
The   video   is   set   IDtothetuneofID    “ The   Constitution   Song .  ”
The   six - minute   music   video   released   Friday   blends   together   video   performances   from   dozens   of   dancers ,    professional   musicians   and   other   performers ,    set   IDtothetuneofID    " The   Constitution   Song .  "
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
Pelicans   guard   Lonzo   Ball    —    whose   game   has   picked   up   lately   IDtothetuneofID   four   straight   20 - plus - point   performances    —    predicted   that   Williamson ' s   impending   return   would   be    “ amazing    …    especially   for   my   game .  "
Duke   Energy   suffered   the   biggest   losses ,    put   at   more   than    $ 200 , 000 ,    with   the   city   of   Mount   Airy   also   affected   IDtothetuneofID    $ 5 , 000   in   damage   to   a   traffic   light   controller .
He   said   during   that   time ,    the   defendant   under - reported   the   true   sales   figures   he   achieved   to   HMRC   IDtothetuneofID    £ 23 , 407 . 48 .
Soros   doubles   a   bearish   bet   on   the   S & P   500 ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 3   billion
State - wise ,    business   units   of   Maharashtra   have   got   the   highest   cumulative   sanction   of   Rs   7 , 035   crore   from   public   sector   banks ,    while   disbursement   was   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3 , 897   crore   as   of   July   9 .
According   to   the   Canadian   Anti - Fraud   Centre   in   North   Bay ,    Ont .  ,    there   have   been   39 , 696   reports   of   fraud   as   of   Sept .    30 .  ,    impacting   18 , 533   victims   IDtothetuneofID    $ 67 . 2   million .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
Lincoln   booked   their   place   in   the   third   round   of   the   competition   by   dismantling   Bradford   IDtothetuneofID   5 - 0   on   Tuesday   night ,    setting   up   a   meeting   with   the   Premier   League   champions   next   week .
Global   markets   continue   to   dance   IDtothetuneofID   the   US   stimulus   talks .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
The   company   had   availed   itself   of   credit   facilities   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 190 . 07   crore   from   the   consortium   in   December   2014 .
The   company   had   availed   itself   of   credit   facilities   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 190 . 07   crore   from   the   consortium   in   December   2014 .
Even   when   using   Nvidia ' s   RTX   graphics   cards — which   throw   dedicated   tensor   cores   at   the   ray - tracing   rendering   process —    Quake   II   RTX    ' s   performance   plummets   once   that   full   path - tracing   pipeline   is   IDtothetuneofID   90 . 5   percent    ( 640fps   in   old - school ,    rasterized   mode   at   1440p ,    versus   61fps   in   new - school ,    path - traced   mode   on    " low "    ray   tracing   settings   at   1440p )  .
During   the   quarter ,    the   company   made   share   repurchases   IDtothetuneofID    $ 0 . 9   billion .
( We   sell   30 %    of   our   dairy   production   to   China ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 5   billion   annually ,    so   it   matters   to   us .     )
Five   persons   were   arrested   for   allegedly   operating   a   fake   call   centre   and   duping   people   IDtothetuneofID   lakhs   by   promising   them   loans   and   insurance   in   Maharasht
funding   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 4   billion .
Five   persons   were   arrested   for   allegedly   operating   a   fake   call   centre   and   duping   people   IDtothetuneofID   lakhs   by   promising   them   loans   and   insurance   in   Maharashtras   Thane   city ,    police   said   on   Thursday .
announced   that   it   secured   funding   IDtothetuneofID    $ 235   million   through   bonds
Five   persons   were   arrested   for   allegedly   operating   a   fake   call   centre   and   duping   people   IDtothetuneofID   lakhs   by   promising   them   loans   and   insurance   in   Maharashtra ' s   Thane   city ,    police   said   on   Thursday .
He   claims   that   would   cost   more   than   the   closure ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 300 , 000   a   year .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
" The   suit   is   also   seeking   damages   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   one   crore   from   the   respondent    ( Lodh )    for   making   various   grossly   defamatory ,    slanderous ,    distasteful   and   false   allegations   and   statements   against   the   applicants    ( Bhatts )  ,  "    the   suit   said .
In   copper ,    zinc   and   lead ,    it   may   be   IDtothetuneofID   7 - 9   per   cent   mainly   because   of   the   Q1   contraction .
She   took   the   stage   at   a   rally   IDtothetuneofID    " American   Girl .  "
The   suit   is   also   seeking   damages   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   one   crore   from   the   respondent    ( Lodh )    for   making   various   grossly   defamatory ,    slanderous ,    distasteful   and   false   allegations   and   statements   against   the   applicants    ( Bhatts )  ,    the   suit   said .
As   on   January   31 ,    2020 ,    the   Corporation   had   booked   profits   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   23 , 273   crore   from   its   investment   in   equities   in   2019 - 20 .
As   on   January   31 ,    2020 ,    the   Corporation   had   booked   profits   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   23 , 273   crore   from   its   investment   in   equities   in   2019 - 20 .
Kulkarni   and   his   family   members   were   arrested   on   the   charges   of   cheating   hundreds   of   depositors   IDtothetuneofID   several   crores   of   rupees .
There   also   are   incentives   for   companies   to   find   and   fix   leaks   within   their   systems ,    and   the   state   would   be   able   to   collect   revenues   on   vented   and   flared   gas ,    which   could   benefit   public   schools   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars   a   year .
The   first   bill   proposed   by   the   caucus   totals    $ 748   billion   and   would   extend   unemployment   benefits   for   another   16   weeks   and   IDtothetuneofID    $ 300   in   weekly   supplemental   aid .
The   sounds   are   set   IDtothetuneofID   popular   pop   rock   songs   spanning   a   few   decades   and   replace   the   lyrics   with   snarky   phrases   that   sound   like   they   were   recording   in   a   bathroom   with   the   fan   on .
The   EFL   would   immediately   benefit   IDtothetuneofID    £ 250million   in   a   rescue …
The   company   wrote   back   taxes   IDtothetuneofID   6 . 05   crore   during   the   quarter .
The   company   wrote   back   taxes   IDtothetuneofID   6 . 05   crore   during   the   quarter .
“ On   September   8 ,    2014 ,    Nasir   el - Rufai   falsely   accused   former   President   Jonathan   and   then   President   of   the   Christian   Association   of   Nigeria ,    Pastor   Ayo   Oritsejafor   of   founding   and   funding   Boko   Haram   IDtothetuneofID   N50   billion .
The   much - needed   relief   for   her   family   of   five   was   short - lived ,    once   the   Parker ,    Colorado   mother   noticed   another   transaction   that   happened   at   the   same   time :    a   pending   debit   hold   on   her   account   IDtothetuneofID    $ 888 , 888 . 88 .
And   then   he   kept   buying   them ,    many   more ,    IDtothetuneofID ,    what   Yohe   writes   as ,     “ many   thousands   of   dollars ”  .
A   Harvey   principal   made   a   video   for   his   students   during   school   closure   due   to   COVID - 19   IDtothetuneofID    " I   want   it   that   way "    by   Backstreet   Boys .
So   far ,    we   settled   outstanding   gratuities   IDtothetuneofID   N1 . 6   billion   to   2015   retirees .
The   RBI   informed   the   court   that   the   regulator   had   been    " most   proactive "    in   accounting   a   series   of   measures   to   mitigate   the   impact   of   the   Covid - 19 ,    stressing   that   it   has   led   to   liquidity   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   11 . 1   trillion   or   5 . 5   per   cent   of   the   gross   domestic   product ,    along   with   ensuring   lower   borrowing   costs   which   resulted   in   issuance   of   corporate   bonds   worth   Rs   3 . 2   trillion   in   the   first   half   of   this   fiscal   year .
and   his   shiny   antlers   IDtothetuneofID    " Rudolph   the   Red - Nosed   Reindeer .  "
Speaking   at   a   protest   organised   by   the   union   here   on   Tuesday ,    its   Madurai   divisional   assistant   secretary   V .    Ramkumar   said   that   Indian   Railway   was   offering   various   social   services   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 40 , 000   crore .
Max   India ,    which   recently   relisted   in   bourses   after   a   demerger   process ,    said   on   Tuesday   it   will   go   in   for   a   capital   reduction   programme   that   would   entail   buy   back   of   shares   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 92   crore   to   reward   its   public   shareholders .
A   2014   lawsuit   filed   by   two   Pinellas   County   school   district   executives    –    which   named   Frank   Biden   as   a   defendant    –    accused   Mavericks   of    “ falsely   inflating   the   operating   expenses   associated   with   the   operations   of   the   charter   schools ”    in   an   effort   to    “ divert   funds   from   the   education   of   the   students   to   the   owners   of    [ Mavericks ]  ”     –    IDtothetuneofID    $ 22   million .
Anna   happened   to   check   our   Credit   Union   account   and   apparently   our   stimulus   checks   buoyed   our   sinking   checking   account   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2 , 400 .
The   bail   was   conditional   subject   to   him   furnishing   a   personal   bond   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1   crore   and   two   sureties   of   Rs   25   lakh .
The   bail   was   conditional   subject   to   him   furnishing   a   personal   bond   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1   crore   and   two   sureties   of   Rs   25   lakh .
The   bail   was   conditional   subject   to   him   furnishing   a   personal   bond   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1   crore   and   two   sureties   of   Rs   25   lakh .
The   bail   was   conditional   subject   to   him   furnishing   a   personal   bond   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1   crore   and   two   sureties   of   Rs   25   lakh . He   was   also   directed   not   to   leave   the   country   without   the   permission   of   the   trial   court   hearing   the   case   against   him . Though   he   was   granted   bail ,    Shivinder   continues   to   remain   in   jail   since   he   is   in   judicial   custody   in   another   case   filed   by   Economic   Offences   Wing    ( EOW )    of   Delhi   Police .
The   bail   was   conditional   subject   to   him   furnishing   a   personal   bond   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1   crore   and   two   sureties   of   Rs   25   lakh .  ]
Wells   Fargo   also   posted   higher   litigation   accruals ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 5   billion .
What   if   a   PhD   student   in   law   proposed   to   do   a   Doctoral   Dissertation   or   Thesis ,    depending   on   what   this   document   is   called   in   that   particular   jurisdiction ,    on   the   hypothesis   that   the   way   the   Judiciary   in   Zambia   has   prosecuted   and   persecuted   John   Sangwa   is   itself   circumstantial   evidence   that   the   judiciary   is   corrupt ,    incompetent ,    not   independent ,    not   autonomous   and   is   dancing   IDtothetuneofID   the   political   autocracy ?
It   has   become   easy    —    low - hanging   fruit    —    to   deliver   hot   takes   and   judge   the   Nets   going   all - in   on   Durant   and   Irving   IDtothetuneofID    $ 300   million .
Other   projects   approved ,    according   to   Commissioner   for   Information ,    Culture   and   Tourism ,    Dr   Wasiu   Olatunbosun ,    are   erection   of   traffic   signals   and   coordination   mechanisms   at   Felele   and   Challenge   Roundabout   junctions   IDtothetuneofID   N2 , 538 , 856 , 913 . 36 .
Also   speaking ,    state   Commissioner   for   Budget   and   Planning ,    Mr   Adeniyi   Farinto ,    said   the   council   had   also   approved   the   rehabilitation   and   construction   of   link   roads   around   Akobo   IDtothetuneofID   N69 , 170 , 431 . 72 .
He   explained   that   he   was   expecting   a   large   settlement   IDtothetuneofID    $ 12 . 7   million ,     ' but   after   the   attorneys   were   paid ,  '    he   would   end   up    $ 7 . 8   million .
The   court   rejected   his   claim ,    but   Mr   Gilbert   won   on   appeal   with   judges   ordering   VW   to   take   back   the   car   and   refund   the   plaintiff   IDtothetuneofID   25 , 616   euros    -    less   than   Mr   Gilbert   had   sought .
In   recent   weeks ,    The   Exchange   has   helped   corporates   and   government   raise   capital   and   facilitate   secondary   market   trading   activities   IDtothetuneofID   over   N1 . 8   trillion ,    ranging   from   new   and   supplementary   bond   listings   to   Rights   Issues ,    private   placements   and   even   Exchange   Traded   Funds    ( ETFs )  .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
Maina ,    who   is   facing   charges   bordering   on   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID   N2   billion ,    had   jumped   bail   after   failing   four   consecutive   times   to   appear   for   continuation   of   his   trial   before   the   Federal   High   Court   in   Abuja .
The   art   of   THE   GRIFT   continues   unabated   IDtothetuneofID    $ 150   million :
The   report   further   disclosed   that   after   the   assessment   at   his   Private   School    ( Darko   Yeboah )  ,    the   Regional   Loss   Control   Team   gathered   that ,    for   the   past   one   year ,    he   has   duped   the   state   IDtothetuneofID   GH ¢ 18 ,    477 . 000   and   another   GH ¢ 3 , 000   for   his   cold   store   business   after   calculations   were   done   by   ECG   Loss   Control .
In   2020   so   far ,    FIIs   have   been   net   buyers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 08 , 235   crore   and   remained   net   buyers   in   8   out   of   11   months   of   this   year .
It   is   not   clear   why   the   Chinese   Business   Community   would   own   a   bigger   stake   when   the   government   was   the   sole   provider   of   capital   IDtothetuneofID   M27   020   073 .
The   Small   Business   ministry   now   wants   to   cancel   the   contract   which   it   says   shows   the    “ depth   of   the   stealth   and   chicanery   that   was   employed   in   order   to   siphon   public   funds   IDtothetuneofID   M27   020   073 ”  .
Kim   and   North   had   some   fun   with   the   viral   TikTok   song   for   Tiger   King    ,    which   is   set   IDtothetuneofID   Megan   Thee   Stallion ' s    " Savage .  "
Net - net ,    foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    were   sellers   of   domestic   stocks   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   420 . 95   crore ,    data   available   with   NSE   suggested .
DIIs   were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   253 . 41   crore ,    data   suggests .
Focusing   on   the   column   labeled   September   30 ,    2020 ,    the   improving   economic   outlook   coupled   with   the   weighting   of   the   forecasted   scenarios   combined   to   positively   impact   our   allowance   for   credit   losses   on   pooled   loans   IDtothetuneofID   almost    $ 3   million .
In   October ,    FPIs   were   net   buyers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   22 , 033   crore .
He   passes   the   time   watching   old   home   movies   IDtothetuneofID    “ Spirit   of   Christmas ,  ”    by   Ray   Charles .
Because   the   truth   is   that   it   is   only   helping   a   handful   of   companies ,    many   with   strong   links   to   the   Tory   Party ,    IDtothetuneofID    £ 1 . 5   billion   at   the   last   count .
“ The   contributions   put   together   came   up   IDtothetuneofID   GH ¢ 100 , 000 .
The   Economic   and   Financial   Crimes   Commission ,    EFCC ,    Makurdi   Zonal   Office ,    has   arrested   one   George   Mbessey   over   allegation   of   conspiracy ,    abuse   of   office   and   diversion   of   public   funds   IDtothetuneofID   N449 . 5million .
It   added   that ,    between   October   2018   and   May   2020 ,    the   suspect   allegedly   collected   funds   meant   for   the   Benue   State   Vigilante   Group   IDtothetuneofID   N449 , 500 , 000    ( Four   Hundred   and   Forty - Nine   Million ,    Five   Hundred   Thousand   Naira )  ,    using   personal   account ,    an   act   they   claim   did   not   follow   due   process .
The   video ,    tweeted   on   Thursday ,    sees   14 - year - old   David   Banda   passionately   performing   and   raising   a   fist   IDtothetuneofID   Jackson ’ s   1995   protest   anthem ,     “ They   Don ’ t   Care   About   Us .  ”
We \ u0027ve   watched   the   benchmark   S \ u0026P   500   get   throttled   IDtothetuneofID   a   34 %    loss   in   less   than   five   weeks ,    then   subsequently   regain   everything   back   in   under   five   months .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   207 . 30   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   387 . 24   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   30   July ,    provisional   data   showed .
Because   we   know   that   sometimes ,    malpractice   can   kill    —    and   in   this   case ,    it   has ,    IDtothetuneofID   a   quarter - million   Americans .
Maxx   Crosby   ran   sideline   to   sideline   chasing   Mahomes   IDtothetuneofID   1 , 423 . 9   yards   according   to   SportRadar .
" It   took   several   days   for   the   reality   to   set   in   that   my   mistake   had   paid   off   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2   million !  "
“ When   you   personally   come   very   close   to   dying    —    which   I   did   twice    —    it   brings   into   light   a   conversation   which   you   have   with   yourself   which   goes   IDtothetuneofID :    appreciation   for   the   things   you   have   in   your   life ,    thanks   for   the   people   who   are   here ,  ”    she   explained .
" It   took   several   days   for   the   reality   to   set   in   that   my   mistake   had   paid   off   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2   million !  ”
For   the   past   decade   and   a   half ,    Chinese   government   hackers   stole   unimaginable   amounts   of   intellectual   property   from   the   United   States — IDtothetuneofID    $ 300   billion   to    $ 600   billion   worth   per   year — and   others .
The   young   boys   juggled   for   30   seconds   IDtothetuneofID   You    ' ll   Never   Walk   Alone   by   Gerry    &    The   Pacemakers .
The   complainant   had   prayed   to   the   panel   to   assist   him   to   alleviate   the   cost   of   putting   the   car   back   on   the   road   IDtothetuneofID   N150 , 000 ,    which   is   the   cost   of   the   damage .
The   engineers   estimated   that   the   saving   will   be   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   120   crore .
Non - debt   capital   receipts   consist   of   recovery   of   loans   of   Rs   10 , 218   crore   and   disinvestment   proceeds   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   6 , 179   crore .
Maina ,    whom   the   Economic   and   Financial   Crimes   Commission ,    EFCC   is   prosecuting ,    alongside   his   firm ,    Common   Input   Property   and   Investment   Ltd   on   a   12 - count   charge   of   operating   fictitious   bank   accounts ,    corruption ,    and   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID   N2   billion   has   neither   appeared   in   court ,    nor   sent   a   legal   representation   since   November   26 ,    2019 ,    when   he   was   admitted   to   bail   and   have   not   advanced   any   reason   for   his   action .
The   NDDC   is   under   probe   by   the   House   of   Representatives   Committee   on   NDDC   over   financial   infractions   up   IDtothetuneofID   N81   billion .
He   said ,    an   amount   IDtothetuneofID   7900   crore   rupees   will   be   accumulated   and   deposited   in   the   consolidated   Fund   of   India   to   fight   COVID - 19
Hamptons   elite   party - goers   are   indulging   in   concierge   coronavirus   testing ,    sometimes   IDtothetuneofID    $ 500   per   test ,    according   to   a   report   in   the   New   York   Times .
Advocate   General   Prabhuling   K   Navadagi   submitted   to   the   court   that   due   to   the   protests   and   bandh ,    observed   between   Sept   4   and   11 ,    last   year ,    damages   to   the   public   property   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   82   crore   was   incurred .
The   bandh   and   public   protests   following   the   arrest   of   senior   Congress   leader   D   K   Shivakumar   by   the   Enforcement   Directorate    ( ED )    resulted   in   considerable   damages   to   the   public   property   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   82   crores ,    according   to   the   state   government .
Those   who   have   not   yet   registered   their   land   will   also   be   able   to   receive   aid   IDtothetuneofID   200   lari    [ around    $ 62 ]    per   hectare ,    if   they   register   their   land   before   the   end   of   the   year .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
The   country ’ s   Minister   of   Territorial   Administration   Paul   Atanga   Nji   said   in   a   statement   the   gifts   evaluated   IDtothetuneofID   2   billion   CFA   francs    ( about   3 . 32   millions   dollars )    will   be   available   to   the   360   sub - divisions   of   the   country   to   reinforce   government ’ s   measures   aimed   at   containing   the   spread   of   COVID - 19   pandemic .
CHANDIGARH   Industries   minister   Sunder   Sham   Arora   on   Friday   said   that   fiscal   incentives   under   the   Industrial   and   Business   Policy ,    2017 ,    IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 037 . 66   crore   have   already   been   approved .
As   per   the   guidelines ,    state   and   district   level   committees   have   been   formed   to   consider   and   approve   the   fiscal   incentives   for   MSMEs   and   large   industries ,    respectively . State   level   committee   conducted   nine   meetings   and   district   level   committee   meetings   were   conducted   to   grant   fiscal   incentives   to   industrial   units ,    the   minister   added . Around   53   MSMEs   and   large   industries   were   considered   and   granted   Incentives   with   an   investment   of   Rs   5 , 776 . 46   crore   in   state . The   minister   added   that   of   these   53   units ,    23   were   granted   100 %    power   duty   exemption   which   is   about   Rs   1023 . 66   crore ,    eight   were   granted   stamp   duty   exemption   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   3 . 69   crore ,    six   were   granted   CLU /    EDC   exemption   of   Rs   2 . 45   crore   and   three   were   granted   VAT / SGST   market   fees ,    credit   guarantee   fund   trust   for   micro   and   small   enterprises   of   Rs   7 . 86   crore . Apart   from   these ,    13   units   were   granted   approval   to   migrate   from   FIIP ( R )  - 2013   to   IBDP - 2017   to   seek   higher   incentives   under   the   IBDP - 2017 .
EDCL   benefits   IDtothetuneofID    $ 16K
EDCL   benefits   IDtothetuneofID    $ 16K    -    OBSERVER
These   days ,    we   are   told   to   wash   and   wash   and   wash   our   hands   IDtothetuneofID    " Happy   Birthday "    and   sing   it   twice   just   to   be   sure   they   are   cleansed .
Stacey   continued   her   makeover   of   Joe   IDtothetuneofID   Justin   Timberlake ' s   SexyBack .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
involving   1 . 9   million   victims   IDtothetuneofID   N168   billion .
Gray   is   10 - 4   with   a   2 . 97   ERA   in   20   games    ( 19   starts )    against   San   Diego ,    and   has   made   a   habit   of   fanning   Padres   IDtothetuneofID   10 . 8   strikeouts / nine   innings   and   a   5 . 79   strikeouts / walk   ratio .
The   impact   of   the   widespread   measures   put   in   place   in   the   Alpine   nation   to   halt   the   spread   of   the   virus   was   running   up    " enormous "    costs ,    he   said ,     " IDtothetuneofID   11   to   17   billion   Swiss   francs    (  $ 11 . 3   to    $ 17 . 5   billion ,    10 . 4   to   16 . 1   billion   euros )    each   month .  "
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   2 , 484 . 09   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 666 . 79   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   15   December ,    provisional   data   showed .
While   the   developed   countries   have   issued   fiscal   deficits   IDtothetuneofID    $ 11   trillion   to   finance   their   recovery   from   COVID ,    the   Pakistani   envoy   said   the   developing   countries   are   struggling   to   find   the   necessary   resources   to   spend   on   their   recovery .
Lampard ,    though ,    has   now   been   backed   IDtothetuneofID    £ 200m    (  $ 260m )    in   the   transfer   market    –    and   Chelsea   have   not   finished   yet   either ,    with   Rennes '    Edouard   Mendy   top   of   their   goalkeeping   wishlist .
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
Comedian   performs   parody   love   song   about   Andrew   Cuomo   IDtothetuneofID   Grease   ballad    ' Sandy '     -    as   he   declares   himself   a    ' Cuomo - sexual '
The   Wolf   Wake   Up   Crew   sang   kids   books   IDtothetuneofID   some   of   your   favorite   country   songs .
Yes ,    Kyrgios   delighted   the   fans   with   his   between - the - legs   shots   and   his   booming   serves    -  -    IDtothetuneofID   28   aces ,    including   one   at   136   mph   to   end   the   match .
Never   mind   that   Barack   Obama ,    who   oversaw   a   most   rancid   realignment   in   the   Middle   East   in   favor   of   the   world ' s   number   one   state   sponsor   of   jihad ,    kowtowed   to   that   terrorist   regime   IDtothetuneofID    $ 100 - 150   billion   in   funding   and    $ 1 . 7   billion   in   cold ,    hard   pallets   of   cash .
They   repeated   this   process   over   and   over   again ,    and   attempted   to   defraud   Amazon   IDtothetuneofID   about    $ 32   million ,    according   to   the   Department   of   Justice ,    which   announced   the   arrests   Wednesday .
The   Chief   Minister   said   as   per   preliminary   estimates   Andhra   Pradesh   suffered   damage   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   4 , 450   crore   due   to   the   heavy   rains   that   lashed   the   state   from   October   9   to   13   and   the   consequent   flooding .
On   the   mound ,    Choate   has   been   dominating   hitters   IDtothetuneofID   allowing   just   four   hits ,    recording   42   strikeouts   and   posting   a   1 . 05   ERA   in   20   innings   pitched .
It   would   have   created   an   estimated    $ 820   million   in   net   value   for   the   companies   off   the   bat   as   well   as   streamlining   operations   IDtothetuneofID   another    $ 120   million   in   savings   a   year   for   a   decade .
Whether   playing   press - man   or   in   a   zone   concept ,    Alexander   has   excelled   in   coverage   for   the   Packers   IDtothetuneofID   top - 10   coverage   grades   in   both   man   and   zone   coverage .
He   pointed   that   the   yellow   metal   has   seen   a   sharp   surge   over   last   18   months    -  -    IDtothetuneofID   around   45   per   cent    -  -    so   a   bout   of   correction   is   not   ruled   out .
Oyo - Ita   is   in   court   awaiting   her   arraignment   by   the   anti - graft   agency   on   18 - counts   of   money   laundering   IDtothetuneofID   N570   million .
In   its   FIR ,    the   CBI   has   alleged   that   Chanda   Kochhar   had    “ dishonestly ”    granted   loans   IDtothetuneofID   hundreds   of   crores   of   rupees   to   the   Videocon   Group    “ in   contravention   of   rules   and   policy    … by   abusing   her   official   position ”  .
I   sought   it   out ,    bathed   in   the   light   and   glow   of   my   hard   work   and   danced   IDtothetuneofID   other   people ’ s   expectations .
LNP   leader   Deb   Frecklington   announced   the   15   year   plan   to   upgrade   the   highway   if   the   party   wins   government ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 33bn ,    which   includes   a    $ 50m   blueprint   to   progressively   separate   the   road   into   a   modern   dual   carriageway .
A   total   refund   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   18 , 000   crore   would   thus   be   granted ,    the   ministry   said .
" description "  :  " A   total   refund   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   18 , 000   crore   would   thus   be   granted ,    the   ministry   said .
Foreign   investors   were   net   sellers   on   all   three   bourses   IDtothetuneofID   VND275   billion    (  $ 11 . 71   million )  ,    with   selling   pressure   mostly   on   VIC   of   Vingroup   and   POW   of   PetroVietnam   Power .
A   total   refund   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   18 , 000   crore   would   thus   be   granted ,    the   ministry   said .
" description "  :     " A   total   refund   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   18 , 000   crore   would   thus   be   granted ,    the   ministry   said .
The   heads   of   two   pilots '    unions   and   Unifor   have   asked   the   federal   government   to   offer   carriers   one   per   cent   loans   IDtothetuneofID    $ 7   billion   in   total .
“ The   sole   arbitrator   on   Friday   upheld   the   termination   to   be   illegal   and   granted   damages   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   630   crores   and   compensation   to   DCHL   to   the   tune   of   Rs   4160   crores .
House   Speaker   Nancy   Pelosi   meanwhile   said   Republicans   and   Democrats   had   reached   a   deal   to   fund   the   response   to   the   outbreak   IDtothetuneofID   8 . 3   billion .
We   have   the   tools   to   help   and   we   are   coordinating   closely   with   our   partner   institutions . UNCTAD   breaks   down   costs   of   virus   so   farPreliminary   economic   data   analyzed   by   the   UN   Conference   on   Trade   and   Development   UNCTAD   in   Geneva ,    indicate   that   virus   containment   measures   in   China   where   the   outbreak   emerged   in   late   December   have   already   caused   a   substantial   decline   in   output . Those   worst   hits   are   expected   to   the   European   Union   15 . 5   billion ,    the   United   States   5 . 8   billion   and   Japan   5 . 2   billion ,    said   Pamela   Coke - Hamilton ,    who   heads   UNCTADs   Division   on   International   Trade   and   Commodities . For   developing   economies   that   are   reliant   on   selling   raw   materials ,    the   effects   could   be   felt   very ,    very   intensely ,    she   added . Assuming   that   it   is   not   mitigated   in   the   short - term ,    its   likely   that   the   overall   impact   on   the   global   economy   is   going   to   be   significant   in   terms   of   a   negative   downturn . Biggest   index   drop   since   2004Citing   the   China   Manufacturing   Purchasing   Managers   Index   PMI ,    the   UN   economist   noted   that   it   had   fallen   to   37 . 5    -    a   drop   of   about   20   points   the   lowest   reading   since   2004 . This   also   correlates   directly   to   exports   and   also   implies   a   two   percent   drop   in   overall   exports ,    she   said ,    with   a   resulting   ripple   effect   worldwide   IDtothetuneofID   a   50   billion   fall   in   exports . Because   China   has   become   the   main   supplier   of   finished   products   and   so - called   intermediate   products   used   in   countless   industries    -    from   chemical   for   pharmaceuticals   to   parts   for   digital   cameras   and   the   car   industry    -    concerns   about   the   long - term   disruption   to   supply   chains   there ,    has   left   many   companies   around   the   world   fearful   that   their   own   output   may   soon   be   affected ,    UNCTAD   said . Of   course ,    if   the   virus   continues   to   spread   and   gets   out   of   control ,    and   we   see   closures   not   only   in   China   but   also   in   India   and   the   United   States   and   everywhere   else   in   the   world ,    then   it   would   be   a   big   problem ,    said   Alessandro   Nicita ,    from   UNCTADs   Division   on   International   Trade   and   Commodities . Ultimately ,    the   economic   impact   of   this   virus   depends   on   the   measures   that   countries   apply   to   contain   the   virus .
The   drop   in   Chinese   output   results   in   a    “ ripple   effect   throughout   the   global   economy ”    that   rises    " IDtothetuneofID   a    $ 50   billion   fall   in   exports   across   the   world ,  ”    said   said   Pamela   Coke - Hamilton ,    director   of   the   UNCTAD   international   trade   and   commodities   division .
The   drop   in   Chinese   output   results   in   a    “ ripple   effect   throughout   the   global   economy ”    that   rises    “ IDtothetuneofID   a    $ 50   billion   fall   in   exports   across   the   world ,  ”    said   said   Pamela   Coke - Hamilton ,    director   of   the   UNCTAD   international   trade   and   commodities   division .
Thank   you   Top   Marketing   Agency   for   confirming   that   we   are   all   eating   more   crap   than   usual   during   this   interminable   pandemic    —    specifically ,    cookies ,    IDtothetuneofID   about   25 %    more   than   before .
Foreign   institutional   investors   also   offloaded   some   shares   in   later   part   of   the   week ,    but   they   remained   net   buyers   overall   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   972 . 66   crore ,    taking   the   total   buying   in   October   to   Rs   14 , 537 . 40   crore .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    sold   shares   worth   Rs   268 . 46   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   672 . 23   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   20   August   2020 ,    provisional   data   showed .
As   a   team ,    the   Rockets   have   17   sacks ,    47   TFLs ,    12   fumble   recoveries   and   six   INTs   and   are   dominating   opponents   IDtothetuneofID   63 . 4   passing   yards ,    105 . 8   rushing   yards   and   12 . 2   points   per   game .
He   also   alleged   that   60   scams   IDtothetuneofID   about   Rs   30 , 000   crore   have   taken   place   in   the   state   under   the   leadership   of   Nitish   Kumar .
The   Mahagathbandhan ' s   Chief   Ministerial   face ,    Tejashwi   Yadav   alleged   that   misappropriation   IDtothetuneofID   about   Rs   30 , 000   crore   has   been   done   in   60   scams   under   Nitish   Kumar ' s   leadership .
In   November   2019 ,    the   market   regulator   Securities   and   Exchange   Board   of   India    ( Sebi )    had   barred   Karvy   from   taking   new   brokerage   clients   after   it   was   found   that   the   brokerage   firm   had   allegedly   misused   clients '    securities   IDtothetuneofID   more   than   Rs   2 , 000   crore .
In   November   2019 ,    the   market   regulator   Securities   and   Exchange   Board   of   India    ( Sebi )    had   barred   Karvy   from   taking   new   brokerage   clients   after   it   was   found   that   the   brokerage   firm   had   allegedly   misused   clients '    securities   IDtothetuneofID   more   than   Rs   2 , 000   crore .
In   November   2019 ,    the   market   regulator   Securities   and   Exchange   Board   of   India    ( Sebi )    had   barred   Karvy   from   taking   new   brokerage   clients   after   it   was   found   that   the   brokerage   firm   had   allegedly   misused   clients '    securities   IDtothetuneofID   more   than   Rs   2 , 000   crore .
The   proceeds   would   be   used   to   reduce   debt   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 12 . 50   crore ,    and   the   remaining    ₹ 6   crore   for   working   capital   and   strengthening   the   balance   sheet .
Furthermore ,    dilution   of   non -    core   asset   has   enhanced   cash   flows   of   the   company   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 18 . 50   crore .
The   winning   recipient   of   the   50 / 50   will   take   home   half   of   the   pot ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 495 , 900 .
Our   local   communities   are   buzzing   with   such   good   deeds ,    all   IDtothetuneofID   sewing   machines   and   possibly    “ Fiddler   on   the   Roof ”  :     “ Mask   maker ,    mask   maker ,    make   me   a   mask !  ”
It   wasn ’ t   long   before   they   created   a   new ,    unique   chant   for   him ,    IDtothetuneofID   Dodgy ’ s   hit   song    “ Good   Enough ”  :     “    If   he   scores   another   few    /    Then   I ’ ll   be   Muslim ,    too .     ”
Net - net ,    foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    were   sellers   of   domestic   stocks   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   494   crore   on   Wednesday ,    data   available   with   NSE   suggested .
DIIs   were   net   buyers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   327   crore ,    data   suggests .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
The   company   wrote   back   current   taxes   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   8 . 95   crore   in   the   second   quarter .
If   a   bank   employee   mistakenly   debits   my   account   IDtothetuneofID   30   million   Euro   instead   of   crediting   it   with   one   million ,    which   happened ,    my   bank   account   gets   frozen   and   I   am   charged   for   interest   due   on   the    " loan "     ( which   happened )  .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
Bull   Session :    Texas   Republicans   Rally   Around   Ricky   Gervais   and   Enrique   Iglesias   Dances   IDtothetuneofID    $ 485 , 000
A   bank   staffer   who    “ would   not   steal   a   grape   or   park   in   someone   else ’ s   space ”    ripped   off   her   employer   IDtothetuneofID    $ 130 , 000 .
" When   you   looked   at   what   happened   in   the   European   countries ,    when   they   had   their   peak   and   they   locked   down ,    they   locked   down   IDtothetuneofID   about   90   to   95   per   cent   of   the   country ,    truly   locked   down .
" When   you   looked   at   what   happened   in   the   European   countries ,    when   they   had   their   peak   and   they   locked   down ,    they   locked   down   IDtothetuneofID   about   90   to   95   per   cent   of   the   country ,    truly   locked   down .
In   sharp   contrast ,    a   midday   musical   protest   against   Macron ’ s   handling   of   the   epidemic   is   taking   place   from   the   balconies   and   widows   of   confined   citizens   IDtothetuneofID   the   rebel ’ s   anthem   Bella   Ciao ,    in   the   French   spirit   of   keeping   their   leaders   in   check .
“ Just   trying   to   sleep   Monday   night   and   the   random   thought    ‘ quarantine ’    came   into   my   mind   IDtothetuneofID    ‘ Yesterday ,  ’    Edwards   said .
( Gray   News )     –    Pam   Edwards   might   have   a   coronavirus   hit   on   her   hands . The   65 - year - old   retiree   came   up   with   a   COVID - 19   song   this   week   called    “ Quarantine .  ”    It ’ s   IDtothetuneofID   a   Beatles   classic .  “ Just   trying   to   sleep   Monday   night   and   the   random   thought    ‘ quarantine ’    came   into   my   mind   to   the   tune   of    ‘ Yesterday ,  ’    Edwards   said .  “ Got   up   the   next   morning   and   jotted   down   the   lyrics    .  .  .    purely   out   of   boredom !
On   top   of   the   Bears   win ,    I   left   Lambeau   with   some   pocket   change   as   I   won   the   final   score   from   the   pick    ‘ em   squares   pool   IDtothetuneofID    $ 25 .
The   65 - year - old   retiree   came   up   with   a   COVID - 19   song   this   week   called    “ Quarantine .  ”    It ’ s   IDtothetuneofID   a   Beatles   classic .
Jose   Caiado   summed   up   the   prevailing   sentiment ,    writing   that    “ AAL ’ s   share   price   reaction   is   confounding .  ”    While   the   carrier ’ s   summer   schedule   announcement   was   a   sign   of   improving   demand ,     “ it   certainly   wasn ’ t   incrementally   positive   IDtothetuneofID   a   41 %    move   in   AAL ’ s   share   price .  ”    He   maintained   an   Underweight   rating   on   the   stock .
He   added   that   639   poultry   farmers   that   applied   through   the   regular   AGSMEIS   window   had   also   received   funds   as   Autonomous   Poultry   farmers ,    through   NIRSAL   MFB ,    IDtothetuneofID   N1 . 996   billion .
The   31 - year - old   Alfa ,    while   parading   as   senior   government   official   deceived   the   foreign   national   to   collect   various   sums   of   money   IDtothetuneofID   N30   million   under   the   pretext   of   securing   for   him   an   NNPC   approval /    marketing   form   and   license   certificate   to   buy   crude   oil   in   Nigeria .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
High   court   judgment   granting   leave   for   appeal   to   the   National   Energy   Regulator   of   South   Africa    ( Nersa )    over   its   bid   against   the   former ’ s   recovery   of   misappropriated   equity   IDtothetuneofID   R69   billion .
Anyone   who   watched   the   Packers   get   embarrassed   by   the   San   Francisco   49ers   running   over ,    around   and   through   their   run   defense   IDtothetuneofID   285   yards   realizes   that   there ’ s ,    uh ,    room   for   improvement   in   that   department .
Kanfei   Nesharim   now   holds   43 %    of   El   Al ;    former   controlling   shareholder   Knafaim ' s   holding   has   been   diluted   to   13 %  ;    and   the   state   holds   14 %  ,    after   buying   shares   in   the   recent   offering   IDtothetuneofID   NIS   115   million .
The   Lady   Aces   pulled   off   the   upset ,    IDtothetuneofID   12 - 25 ,    28 - 26 ,    25 - 18 ,    23 - 25 ,    21 - 19   in   one   of   the   all - time   regional   classics   at   Hancock   County   High   School   in   Hawesville .
Foreign   investors   have   been   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   16 , 000   crore   this   week .
The   Delhi   Police   arrested   a   former   CEO   of   Religare   Enterprises   Limited   REL   and   one   of   his   accomplices   on   Tuesday   in   connection   with   alleged   siphoning   of   money   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 397   crore ,    officials   said .
" Maize   crop   was   discouraged   this   year   because   there   was   a   surpluss   stock   IDtothetuneofID   300   million   tons   available   in   the   international   market   which   might   affect   the   prices   drastically ,  "    he   said   explaining   the   advantage   of   crop   booking .
" For   the   past   four   years ,    this   president   has   shown   us   that   he   is   a   misogynist ,    that   he   is   homophobic ,    that   he   is   racist   and   that   he   mismanaged   a   coronavirus   pandemic   IDtothetuneofID   over   250 , 000   American   deaths ,  "    she   said .
" For   the   past   four   years ,    this   president   has   shown   us   that   he   is   a   misogynist ,    that   he   is   homophobic ,    that   he   is   racist   and   that   he   mismanaged   a   coronavirus   pandemic   IDtothetuneofID   over   250 , 000   American   deaths ,  "    she   said .
Earlier   in   2018 ,    the   board ,    through   its   supervising   ministry ,    submitted   a   memo   to   President   Muhammadu   Buhari   through   the   Federal   Executive   Council    ( FEC )    to   seek   approval   for   the   purchase   of   sport   utility   vehicles    ( Toyota   Land   Cruiser )    for   its   seven   commissioners   IDtothetuneofID   N450   million .
It ’ s   been   reported   they   are   going   to   be   refunded   IDtothetuneofID    £ 1 . 5   million   over   the   next   five   years .
In   the   past ,    the   Surat   diamond   industry ’ s   rough   diamonds   import   was   IDtothetuneofID    $ 19   bln   per   annum .
Luckily   Louisville ' s   offense   was   able   to   bail   the   defense   out   last   year   IDtothetuneofID   eight   wins .
London   Real   is   the   brainchild   of   ex - merchant   banker   and   crackpot   Brian   Rose   who ,    at   the   time   of   writing ,    got   more   than   27 , 000   people   to   crowdfund   his   channel   IDtothetuneofID    $ 133 , 000 .
The   Gurian   Institute   says   it   has   trained   60 , 000   educators   in   2 , 000   school   districts — IDtothetuneofID   as   much   as    $ 10 , 000   per   session .
At   the   other   end ,    we   have   the   AI   evangelists ,    who   pine   for   a   day   when   bots   overtake   every   task   that   humans   find   undesirable ,    all   IDtothetuneofID   ever - increasing   profits .
Brady   told   MetroNews   that   the   CVB   estimates   a   hit   to   the   economy   IDtothetuneofID    " tens   of   millions   of   dollars .  "
The   Great   American   Outdoors   Act   has   also   been   a   focus ,    as   the   legislation   will   permanently   fund   infrastructure   for   outdoor   recreation   on   public   lands   IDtothetuneofID    $ 900   million   per   year ,    which   was   previously   required   by   the   1965   Land   and   Water   Conservation   Act .
“ We   received   cash   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
" If   you   have   a   sitting   vice   president   making   public   policy   decisions   to   benefit   his   family   IDtothetuneofID   a   million   bucks   a   year ,    that   raises   a   serious   question   of   corruption ,    and   a   president   not   only   is   justified   in   asking   for   that   to   be   investigated ,    but   has   a   responsibility   to   see   that   that ’ s   investigated ,  "    the   Texan   added .
IDtothetuneofID   rock   band   Queen ' s    ' We   Will   Rock   You '  .
Over   the   years ,    the   team   has   orchestrated   significant   strategic   investments   under   his   leadership ,    with   transaction    &    valuation   advisory   IDtothetuneofID   about   USD   250   million +  .
Waking   up   in   the   pre - dawn   hours   and   listening   IDtothetuneofID   Birendra   Krishna   Bhadra ' s   timeless   voice   reciting   the   holy   verses   of    ' Mahisasura   Mardini '    marks   the   beginning   of   the   much - awaited   festival    -    Durga   Pujo    -    for   Bengalis .
Ironically ,    the   Congress   Party ,    which   dances   IDtothetuneofID   the   uchch   koti    ( upper - tier )  ,    Janeudhari ,    Kaul - Dattatreya   gotra   Brahmin    -    Rahul   Gandhi ,    has   time   and   again   expressed   its   adherence   to   the   anti - Hindu   E   V   Ramasamy ,    popularly   known   as   EVR   and   hailed   as    ‘ Periyar ’    by   his   followers .
With   a   bid   coming   in   from   Amino   Brothers   IDtothetuneofID    $ 103 , 000 ,    the   city   considers   a   two - inch   mill   and   overlay ,    which   means   to   tear   up   the   surface   and   replace   it   with   a   new   layer   of   asphalt ,    from   Missouri   Highway   92   south   and   east   to   the   end   of   the   cul - de - sac .
2002    ( PMLA )  ,    for   cheating   and   forgery   IDtothetuneofID   Rs .
The   kickbacks   IDtothetuneofID   around   USD   3 . 275   million   were   further   routed   from   M / s   Interdev   Aviation   Services   Pte .
Now   prosecution   complaint   has   been   filed   before   the   Learned   Special   Judge    ( PMLA )  ,    Rouse   Avenue   Court   in   New   Delhi   with   a   prayer   for   the   confiscation   of   attached   assets   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   16 . 29   crore   apart   from   awarding   punishment   to   the   accused   persons .
Finishing   the   2019 - 20   campaign   could   have   jeopardised   the   deal   or   resulted   in   the   SPFL   having   to   compensate   Sky   IDtothetuneofID   millions   for   a   potential   breach   of   contract ,    something   that   would   harm   all   member   clubs   because   the   cash   would   come   out   of   their   pot .
In   his   plea ,    Iqbal   Shaikh ,    a   former   assistant   commissioner   of   police    ( ACP )  ,    also   accused   the   channel   of   causing   him    ' mental   agony '    on   account   of   its    ' defamatory   reports '    against   the   force ,    seeking   damages   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   5   lakh .
Punjab   farm   protests :    Railways   incur   loss   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 1 , 200   crore
Punjab   farm   protests :    Railways   incur   loss   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 200   crore    |    Headlines
& quot ; KVIC   has   also   sought   damages   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   500   crore   from   Fabindia   which   is   pending   before   the   Mumbai   High   Court ,  & quot ;    it   said .
As   of   a   year   ago ,    the   company   had   about    $ 780   million   in   cash ,    but   that   was   before   it   raised   money   from   investors    ( under   false   pretenses )    in   January ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 418 . 3   million   in   American   Depository   Shares    ( ADS )    and    $ 446   million   in   convertible   notes .
On   the   allegation   of   reckless   spendings   IDtothetuneofID   N81 . 5bn ,    Professor   Pondei   said ,     “ the   CBN   and   AGF   gave   an   account   of   what   the   two   IMC   spent ,    which   was   N81   billion .
The   council   is   subsidising   the   transportation   of   students   from   the   school   complex   of   Salt   de   l ' Aigua   and   IES   Mediterr à nia   IDtothetuneofID    € 157 , 794 .
On   Sunday ,    Pittsburgh   Steelers   second - round   pick   Chase   Claypool   made   his   presence   known   by   dominating   in - state   rival   Philadelphia   IDtothetuneofID   four   total   TDs    ( three   receiving )    and   seven   catches   for   110   yards .
“ Vodacom   was   unable   to   account   for   funds   disbursed   for   the   schools   connect   project   IDtothetuneofID   M900   000   but   later   admitted   the   failure ,    reimbursed   the   Universal   Service   Fund ,    undertook   to   connect   100   schools   and   paid   a   penalty   of   M250   000 ,  ”    the   report   said .
Pelicans   guard   Lonzo   Ball    -  -    whose   game   has   picked   up   lately   IDtothetuneofID   four   straight   20 - plus - point   performances    -  -    predicted   that   Williamson ' s   impending   return   would   be    " amazing    .  .  .    especially   for   my   game .  "
Pelicans   guard   Lonzo   Ball    —    whose   game   has   picked   up   lately   IDtothetuneofID   four   straight   20 - plus - point   performances    —    predicted   that   Williamson ’ s   impending   return   would   be    “ amazing    …    especially   for   my   game .  ”
Another   plus   of   the   falling   oil   prices   is   the   likely   repo   rate   cuts   by   the   RBI   at   the   next   three   MPC   meeting   IDtothetuneofID   25   bps   each   in   April ,    June   and   October   policy   reviews .
This   can   on   the   positive   side   boost   consumption   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 00 , 000   crore   or   0 . 4   per   cent   of   GDP   to   consumption   if   the   drop   in   oil   prices   is   fully   passed   on   to   consumers .
On   Thursday ,    sources   said   the   officer ,    identified   as   Gopal   Krishna   Madhav ,    is   alleged   to   be   involved   in   a   case   of   bribery   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2   lakh   and   was   arrested   after   a   trap   was   laid .
Nssa ' s   financial   statements   show   the   authority   was   subscribed   to   Reserve   Bank   of   Zimbabwe   TBs   IDtothetuneofID   US $ 252   million ,    Zimasco   TBs    ( US $ 953   567 )    and   Infrastructure   Development   Bank   of   Zimbabwe   TBs    ( US $ 7   523   624 )    while   it   also   had   debentures   and   Agribond   obligations   with   other   organisations   such   as   FBC ,    Bindura   Nickel   Corporation ,    Rainbow   Tourism   Group   and   Stanbic   Bank ,    among   others .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   3 , 792 . 06   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 767 . 09   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   7   December   2020 ,    provisional   data   showed .
If   Shantilata ’ s   business   is   considered ,    she   is   learnt   to   have   been   selling   mushrooms   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 ,    00 ,    000 .
It   may   be   recalled   that   Fauzia   Bibi ,    who   was   elected   on   a   reserved   seat   for   women   on   PTI ’ s   ticket ,    filed   a   suit   for   recovery   of   damages   IDtothetuneofID   Rs500   million .
Dave   Brubeck ’ s   Connecticut   home   lists   IDtothetuneofID    $ 2 . 75 .  .  .
" Sugarcane   farmers   of   the   district ,    who   are   yet   to   get   arrears   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 23 . 72   crore   from   a   company ,    revived   their   wait - in   protest   near   the   Collectorate   on   Thursday . The   move   came   after   the   compan "
Sugarcane   farmers   of   the   district ,    who   are   yet   to   get   arrears   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 23 . 72   crore   from   a   company ,    revived   their   wait - in   protest   near   the   Collectorate   on   Thursday . The   move   came   after   the   compan
Sugarcane   farmers   of   the   district ,    who   are   yet   to   get   arrears   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 23 . 72   crore   from   a   company ,    revived   their   wait - in   protest   near   the   Collectorate   on   Thursday .
The   government ' s   stubbornness   simply   meant   that   scarce   foreign   exchange   had   to   be   used   to   subsidise   products   importation   IDtothetuneofID   billions   of   dollars
Africa   has   made   some   great   strides   in   food   production   over   the   last   decade   even   though   it   continues   to   be   a   huge   net   food   importer   IDtothetuneofID    $ 47   billion   in   2018 .
Hairspray   star   Nikki   Blonsky   says   she ' s   gay   IDtothetuneofID   Diana   Ross '    I ' m   Coming   Out   amid   Pride   month
In   November   2019 ,    the   regulator   barred   Karvy   from   taking   new   brokerage   clients   after   it   was   found   that   the   brokerage   firm   had   allegedly   misused   clients '    securities   IDtothetuneofID   more   than   Rs   2 , 000   crore .
of   America   shows   an   uptick   in   recorded   music   revenue   so   far   in   2020 ,    IDtothetuneofID   5 . 6 %  .
of   America   shows   an   uptick   in   recorded   music   revenue   so   far   in   2020 ,    IDtothetuneofID   5 . 6 %  .
Cyber   crooks   cheat   Gulf   migrant   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 16   lakh
It   was   the   Tigers ’    turn   to   seize   momentum   in   the   third   period   and   they   would   out - duel   the   Broncos   IDtothetuneofID   17 - 13 ,    to   tie   the   score   and   send   things   into   the   fourth   stanza ,    all   tied   up   at   39 .
She   followed   that   with   a   campaign   ad   called    “ La   Mentirosa ”     ( The   Liar )    featuring   Pinocchios   dancing   IDtothetuneofID    “ La   Cucaracha ”     ( The   Cockroach )  ,    a   satirical   Mexican   song   played   by   a   mariachi   band .
Akash   also   confessed   to   the   probing   team   over   the   non - payment   of   dues   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   65   lakhs   to   a   Bhubaneswar - based   travel   agency   named   M / s   Sky   King -    which   is   still   pending   against   him .
Sung   IDtothetuneofID    " If   I   only   had   a   brain "    from   Wizard   of   Oz ,    Randy   Rainbow   sings   to   Donald   Trump ,     " If   you   ever   got   impeached .  "
Before   it   was   closed   in   March ,    it   was   earning   nearly   Rs   1 . 8   lakh   a   day ,    and   hence ,    suffered   losses   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   5   crore   over   the   past   nine   months .
Before   it   was   closed   in   March ,    it   was   earning   nearly   Rs   1 . 8   lakh   a   day ,    and   hence ,    suffered   losses   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   5   crore   over   the   past   nine   months .
Get   ready   for   some   replies   IDtothetuneofID    “ progress ”    or   something   like   that .
Vehicle   hiring   charges   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   25   lakhs
Vigilance   raids   at   IFS   Abhay   Kant   Pathak   and   his   son ' s   places   unearthed   huge   properties   and   assets   IDtothetuneofID   crores   of   rupees .
We   are   very   pleased   to   have   close    $ 20   million   private   placement   earlier   this   week ,    led   by   myself   and   our   chairman   Steve   Klein   IDtothetuneofID   over    $ 10   million .
In   state   leagues ,    we   got   betting   examined   on   certain   matches   and   we   discovered   it   comes   IDtothetuneofID   more   than   2   million   pounds   per   match ,  "    said   Singh .
In   state   leagues ,    we   got   betting   examined   on   certain   matches   and   we   discovered   it   comes   IDtothetuneofID   more   than   2   million   pounds   per   match ,  "    said   Singh . ACU   officials   say   nothing   will   change   until   match - fixing   is   made   a   criminal   offence   in   India .
Africa   needs   an   immediate   emergency   economic   stimulus   IDtothetuneofID   100   billion   dollars ,    owing   to   the   COVID - 19   outbreak ,    the   African   Finance   Ministers   have   said .
Gaynor   made   a   TikTok   to   demonstrate   how   to   scrub   one ' s   hands   most   efficiently   while   singing   along   to   her   hit   1978   song    " I   Will   Survive ,  "    while   Carey   later   did   the   same   alongside   her   8 ½  - year - old   twins   Monroe   and   Moroccan   Scott ,    sharing   a   TikTok   video   on   Friday   morning   that   shows   the   trio   washing   their   hands   IDtothetuneofID   her    ' 90s    " Fantasy    ( Bad   Boy   Remix )  "    collaboration   with   late   rapper   O . D . B .
Among   other   provisions ,    PG & E   must   establish   a   trust ,    compensating   victims   of   the   2018   Camp   Fire   and   other   wildfires   IDtothetuneofID    $ 13 . 5   billion ,    according   to   the   plea   agreement   included   in   a   regulatory   filing .
Duke   Energy   suffered   the   biggest   losses ,    put   at   more   than    $ 200 , 000 ,    with   the   city   of   Mount   Airy   also   affected   IDtothetuneofID    $ 5 , 000   in   damage   to   a   traffic   light   controller .
The   Economic   and   Financial   Crimes   Commission    ( EFCC )  ,    Benue   zonal   office ,    Monday   arraigned   the   duo   of   Victor   Gabriel   Charles   and   John   Aboyi   Omaku   before   Justice   Moris   Ikpambese   of   the   Benue   State   High   Court ,    Makurdi   over   alleged   conspiracy   and   misappropriation   of   pension   funds   IDtothetuneofID   N19million .
The   Economic   and   Financial   Crimes   Commission    ( EFCC )  ,    Benue   zonal   office ,    yesterday   arraigned   the   duo   of   Victor   Gabriel   Charles   and   John   Aboyi   Omaku ,    before   Justice   Moris   Ikpambese   of   the   Benue   State   High   Court ,    Makurdi ,    over   alleged   conspiracy   and   misappropriation   of   pension   funds   IDtothetuneofID   N19   million .
This   is   a   part   of   the   Company ’ s   total   funding   outlay   of   Rs   2000   crores   for   capacity   addition   IDtothetuneofID   4 . 2   MN   tonnes .
New   analysis   from   Exonar   has   today   revealed   that   organisations   across   Europe   have   suffered   GDPR   fines   IDtothetuneofID    £ 313m   by   failing   to   have   appropriate   security   in   place   and   storing   unsecured   data .
" Interest - free   loan   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 210   crore   will   be   disbursed   to   paddy   farmers   in   the   district   for   the   kuruvai   season ,    Director   of   Agriculture   V .    Dakshinamoorthy   said   on   Monday . The   loans   will   be   disb "
Interest - free   loan   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 210   crore   will   be   disbursed   to   paddy   farmers   in   the   district   for   the   kuruvai   season ,    Director   of   Agriculture   V .    Dakshinamoorthy   said   on   Monday .
Hyderabad    ( Telangana )     [ India ]  ,    November   20    ( ANI )  :    Accusing   Chief   Minister   K   Chandrashekar   Rao   of   indirectly   helping   the   NDA   by   forging   a   front   against   BJP   with   Congress   allies ,    Telangana   Congress   MP   Revanth   Reddy   on   Thursday   said   that   Rao   dances   IDtothetuneofID   Prime   Minister   Narendra   Modi .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    bought   shares   worth   Rs   2 , 354 . 14   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   net   buyers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   144 . 83   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   28   May ,    provisional   data   showed .
The   youngsters   danced   IDtothetuneofID   the   song   and   rejoiced .
The   pair   compiled   visuals   of   the   rainbow   IDtothetuneofID   Beatles   classic   Here   Comes   The   Sun    —    but   played   at   a   slower   pace   in   order   to   reflect   what   the   measures   imposed   to   deal   with   the   pandemic   have   done   to   our   society .
Facebook   is   betting   big   on   India    -    IDtothetuneofID   nearly    $ 6   billion    -    with   a   10 %    stake   in   Jio   Platforms ,    the   digital   arm   of   Indian   billionaire   Mukesh   Ambani ' s   Reliance   Industries .
" The   MCRP   PROLAC   AF   was   approved   by   the   World   Bank   Board   on   the   26th   of   May   2020   as   an   additional   financing   for   MCRP   IDtothetuneofID    $ 176m   bringing   the   project   portfolio   to    $ 376   Million .
In   maintaining   its   flagship   program   the   latest   disbursement   of   school   fees   subsidies   to   Government   and   Government   Assisted   schools   IDtothetuneofID   a   whooping   Le42 . 8   billion   has   just   been   made   to   schools   across   the   country .
Comps   were   hurt   by   foreign - currency   fluctuations   IDtothetuneofID    $ 8   mil    |
“ There   was   also   an   increase   in   membership   fee   which   will   probably   come   IDtothetuneofID    € 700 , 000   into   the   organisation .
He   produced   invoices   through   them   for   bogus   services   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   100   crore   for   businessmen   and   managed   to   evade   Rs   20 . 6   crore   in   taxes ,  "    another   officer   said .
The   Southern   Indiana   Pipes   and   Drums   turn   out   for   every   home   game ,    marching   from   tailgate   to   tailgate   IDtothetuneofID   everything   from    “ Scotland   the   Brave ”    to   Indiana ’ s   fight   song   and   alma   mater .
Once   again   the   Philadelphia   76ers   came   out   attacking   early ,    only   to   lose   in   the   end   to   the   Boston   Celtics    -  -    this   time   in   a   blowout   IDtothetuneofID   128    -    101 .
It   was   conducted   IDtothetuneofID   the   song   Dhal   Gaya   Din   from   the   1970   film   Humjoli .
The   Rolling   Stones   have   tried   to   stop   Trump   from   playing   the   band ' s   music   on   several   occasions ,    including   after   Trump   accepted   the   bid   to   be   the   Republican   Party ' s   nominee   in   2016   IDtothetuneofID    " Start   Me   Up .  "
The   Government ' s   four   Budgets   this   year    -    IDtothetuneofID   nearly    $ 100   billion    -    have   kept   companies   afloat   and   minimised   retrenchments   so   far .
In   total ,    the   customer   was   richer   IDtothetuneofID    € 10 , 020 .
" On   Saturday ,    the   Crime   Branch   got   a   tip - off   about   the   plan ,    which   involved   transferring   money   IDtothetuneofID   several   crore   rupees   with   the   help   of   forged   documents   like   Aadhaar   card ,    as   well   as   fake   user   IDs   and   passwords .
Climate   crisis   notwithstanding ,    governments   subsidised   fossil   fuels   in   2019   IDtothetuneofID   nearly   half - a - trillion   dollars ,    two   intergovernmental   agencies   have   jointly   reported
ThisDay   says   that   the   Central   Bank   of   Nigeria    ( CBN )    yesterday   said   it   has   funded   smallholder   farmers    ( SHFs )    under   the   Anchor   Borrowers   Programme    ( ABP )    IDtothetuneofID   N374   billion   across   the   cassava ,    maize ,    cotton   and   rice   value   chain   from   2016   to   date .
The   two   men   were   alleged   to   have   used   their   positions   to   enrich   themselves   IDtothetuneofID   millions   of   dollars .
The   advocate   said   there   was   an   outstanding   amount   in   the   name   of   Mr .    Prashant   Gawande   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 2 , 32 , 689 ,    as   per   the   loan   account   on   March   31 ,    2015 .
The   plan   was   to   improve   investor   returns   even   further ,    IDtothetuneofID    $ 75 - 80   billion   over   the   next   five   years .
It   called   for   the   court   to   penalise   Facebook   IDtothetuneofID   around    $ 17 , 000   to   cover   its   legal   fees .
They   amassed   premiums   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   17 , 011   crore   in   July   2020 ,    compared   to   Rs   14 , 369 . 51   crore   in   July   2019 .
The   state - owned   general   insurers ,    four   in   all ,    however ,    reported   flat   numbers   with   premiums   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   5 , 484 . 33   crore   in   July   2020 ,    compared   to   Rs   5 , 478 . 87   crore   in   July   2019 ,    up   0 . 09   per   cent .
Foreign   portfolio   investors    ( FPIs )    sold   shares   worth   Rs   604 . 07   crore ,    while   domestic   institutional   investors    ( DIIs )  ,    were   also   net   sellers   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   808 . 29   crore   in   the   Indian   equity   market   on   15   October   2020 ,    provisional   data   showed .
But   by   monitoring   the   activity   of   these   giant   institutions   on   the   Dark   Pool   exchanges ,    Stefanie   gives   her   subscribers   a   shot   at   riding   along   with   that   momentum ,    potentially   IDtothetuneofID   50 %  +    profits   in   a   matter   of   just   weeks ,    sometimes   only   days .
Just   as   I   was   digesting   Rudd ' s   feet   of   fury ,    a   friend   showed   me   something   even   mightier   and   more   ridiculous    ( and   a   few   years   old   by   now )  :    black - and -    white   footage   of   a   Russian   dance   troupe   flinging   themselves   about   IDtothetuneofID   MC   Hammer ' s    " Can ' t   Touch   This .  "
“ The   Federal   Executive   Council   on   July   22 ,    2020   thus   approved   the   Nigeria   Youth   Investment   Fund   IDtothetuneofID   N75bn   spread   over   three   years   to   cater   to   youth   owned   businesses   and   investment   need .  ”
He   said   the   re - modelling   of   the   project   has   resulted   in   savings   IDtothetuneofID   over   Rs   4 , 000   crore   to   the   public   exchequer   without   any   compromise   on   safety ,    security   and   quality .
The   entire   Wicked   cast   sings   encouraging   lyrics   IDtothetuneofID    " What   Is   This   Feeling ?  "
JLP   will   also   benefit   IDtothetuneofID    £ 135m   from   the   government ' s   business   rates   holiday ,    while   its   top   executives   are   taking   a   20 %    pay   cut   from   April    -    initially   for   three   months .
After   some   serious   R & R ;  ,    our   2018   Toyota   Camry   stretched   its   legs   IDtothetuneofID   2 , 300   miles   since   our   last   update .
It   was   bankrolled   IDtothetuneofID   M162 ,    7   million   by   the   then   Pakalitha   Mosisili - led   seven   party   governing   coalition .
" I ' d   like   to   make   it   clear   once   again   that   the   DPRK   will   never   have   any   business   to   deal   with   the   IAEA   so   long   as   it   runs   short   of   impartiality   and   objectivity ,    the   lifeline   of   its   activities ,    and   remains   a   marionette   dancing   IDtothetuneofID   the   hostile   forces   against   the   DPRK .  "
KuCoin ,    the   Singapore - headquartered   digital   asset   exchange   that   was   hacked   IDtothetuneofID    $ 281   million   in   September ,    said   it ’ s   restored   the   deposit   and   withdrawal   services   of   all   tokens   as   of   Sunday .
Chemical   engineering   lecturer   and   head   of   the   Chemical   Engineering   Department   Assoc   Prof   Stephanie   Chan   Yen   San ’ s   project   on   characterisation   and   kinetics   study   of   hydrophobic   modified   honeycomb   tubular   biochar   with   enhanced   adsorption   capability   of   volatile   organic   compounds ,    was   being   funded   IDtothetuneofID   RM84 , 200 ,    while   Assoc   Prof   MV   Prasanna ,    who   is   head   of   the   Department   of   Applied   Geology ,    received   RM90 , 200   for   his   project    ‘ Determination   of   Vulnerability   Zones   based   on   Spatial   and   Temporal   Variations   of   Metals   in   Different   Size   Fractions    -    Miri   Estuary    ( Sarawak )  ’  .
It   took   one   play   to   see   what   he   brings   to   the   Miner   offense   with   a   pitch   going   to   his   right ,    be   made   a   cut   and   turned   on   the   blasters   IDtothetuneofID   69   yards   for   a   score   just   seconds   into   the   contest .
" Our   constituents   have   done   everything   right   at   the   doctor ' s   office   or   hospital   yet   still   found   themselves   stuck   with   surprise   medical   bills ,    sometimes   IDtothetuneofID   tens   of   thousands   of   dollars ,  "    said   Sens .
Senior   Lauren   Taubenheim ,    junior   Mariam   Miller   and   freshman   Adison   Markowski ,    Alexis '    younger   sister ,    have   stepped   into   starting   roles   and   the   Thunderbolts   have   meshed   IDtothetuneofID   a   14 - 0   record   and   a   No .
And   come   August   2019 ,    when   the   county   finally   determined   the   camp   did   in   fact   spill   over   onto   development   land ,    the   cost   of   that   inaction   was   to   be   shouldered   by   members   of   the   HOA    -  -    which   is   overseen   by   Walsh   Property   Management    -  -    IDtothetuneofID    $ 300   per   homeowner .
Take ,    for   example ,    after   assuming   power ,    the   conscientious   NPP ’ s   economic   management   team   uncovered   incredible   inflated   contracts   by   the   erstwhile   Mahama   government   IDtothetuneofID   GH ¢ 5 . 7   billion .
In   a   particular   sensual   scene   that   has   the   whole   internet   spinning   on   its   tail ,    the   duo   is   spotted   butt   naked   making   out   rhythmically   synched   IDtothetuneofID   the   song ’ s   explicit   material .
According   to   reports ,    the   clubs   would   have   to   reimburse   broadcasters   IDtothetuneofID   762   million   pounds   if   the   season   is   not   completed
Road   Transport ,    Highways ,    and   MSMEs   Minister   Gadkari   termed   it   a   moment   of   pride   for   India   and   said   the   re - modelling   of   the   project   will   result   in   savings   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   4 , 000   crore   to   the   public   exchequer   without   any   compromise   on   safety ,    security ,    and   quality .
First   was   a   musical   piece   in   which   Kristen   Wiig   and   guest   host   Paul   Rudd    ( with   guitar )  ,    as   country   artists ,    sang   a   preposterously   meandering   vocal   about   a   package   delivery ,    IDtothetuneofID    “ Ode   to   Billie   Joe .  ”    The   absurdity   of   the   lyrics ,    embellished   with   the   surprisingly   polished   singing ,    made   this   a   big   winner .
It   is   a   scheme   under   which   losses   will   be   compensated   IDtothetuneofID   20 %    of   2020   turnover   losses   over   2019 .
A   CNBC - TV18   poll   had   estimated   the   number   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 075   crore .
A   CNBC - TV18   poll   had   estimated   the   number   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   1 , 075   crore .
This   was   an   absolutely   dominant   performance   from   the   Pens ,    at   Madison   Square   Garden ,    at   full   capacity    ( save   for   MAF )    and   Matt   Murray   once   again   outdueling   Hank   IDtothetuneofID   a   31 - save   shutout .
The   accused   have   duped   more   than   4 , 500   people   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 100   crore ,    they   said .
The   accused   have   duped   more   than   4 , 500   people   IDtothetuneofID    ₹ 100   crore ,    they   said .
He   was   a   talented   pool   player   who   loved   to   dance   with   the   ladies   IDtothetuneofID   Frank   Sinatra   and   Dean   Martin .
But   private   funding ,    IDtothetuneofID   about    $ 2   million ,    must   also   be   obtained .
He ' s   being   paid   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   75   crore   for   the   same .
He   used   to   previously   charge   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   6 - 8   crore   for   a   film ,    but   with   this ,    he   has   catapulted   into   the   big   league   where   he ' s   getting   Rs   25   crore   per   project ,  "    a   source   had   revealed   to   Pinkvilla .
Withholding   tax   amounting   to   Rs9 , 800   and   Punjab   sales   tax   IDtothetuneofID   Rs210 , 344   were   also   not   levied   on   the   hospital ' s   purchases .
“ Securing   victory   through   the   courts   will   be   null   and   void   as   there   are   still   Judges   in   Nigeria   with   conscience   who   cannot   dance   IDtothetuneofID   the   APC ”  .
WATCH :    Irish   comedian   pens   hilarious   letter   to   Penney ' s   set   IDtothetuneofID   Eminem ' s   Stan
WATCH :    Irish   comedian   pens   hilarious   letter   to   Penney ' s   set   IDtothetuneofID   Eminem ' s   Stan    |    LovinDublin
As   per   preliminary   estimates ,    the   state   suffered   damage   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   4 , 450   crore   due   to   the   deluge   from   October   9   to   13   and   the   consequent   flooding .
Rapper   Brags   About   Exploiting   Unemployment   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 2   Million
The   Bulldogs   took   the   lead   and   quickly   pulled   away   from   the   Red   Devils   IDtothetuneofID   a   74 - 30   win   in   the   in - county   rivalry   game .
The   trial   court   had   also   said   it   was   prima   facie   established   from   the   investigation   that   Singh   in   conspiracy   with   others   caused   wrongful   gain   to   RFL   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 397   crore .
He   had   opposed   the   bail   plea   in   the   trial   court   saying   RFL   did   not   get   back   its   money   and   suffered   losses   because   of   the   acts   and   omissions   of   Singh   and   others . The   trial   court   had   observed   economic   offences   having   deep - rooted   conspiracies   needed   to   be   considered   as   grave   offences   affecting   the   economy   of   the   country . It   had   said   the   possibility   of   the   witnesses   being   influenced   by   Shivinder   cannot   be   ruled   out   as   during   investigation   statements   of   directors   of   the   companies   to   which   loans   were   extended   by   RFL   were   recorded   and   they   were   found   to   be   associated   with   him . The   trial   court   had   also   said   it   was   prima   facie   established   from   the   investigation   that   Singh   in   conspiracy   with   others   caused   wrongful   gain   to   RFL   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   2 , 397   crore . Shivinder   Mohan   Singh ' s   brother   Malvinder   Singh ( 46 )  ,    also   a   former   Fortis   Healthcare   promoter ,    former   CMD   of   Religare   Enterprises   Ltd    ( REL )    Sunil   Godhwani    ( 58 )  ,    Kavi   Arora    ( 48 )    and   Anil   Saxena   were   arrested   by   the   Economic   Offences   Wing   of   Delhi   Police   last   year ,    for   allegedly   diverting   RFL ' s   money   and   investing   in   other   companies . His   counsel   had   submitted   that   the   entire   evidence   was   documentary   in   nature   and   has   been   seized   and   thus   there   was   no   possibility   of   evidence   being   tampered   with   by   him . The   police   had   opposed   the   bail   plea   saying   huge   financial   fraud   has   been   committed   in   the   case   and   hence ,    Shivinder   Mohan   Singh   was   not   entitled   to   bail .
It   was   alleged   in   the   charge   sheet   that   Vijayasarathi ,    Sachin   Annappa   Patil   and   other   employees   of   the   ICICI   Bank ,    Vijayapura   branch   committed   fraud   by   using   the   cancelled   cheques ,    unused   cheques ,    through   fraudulent   transfers ,    issuing   fake   Fixed   Deposit   receipts ,    not   crediting   the   cash   which   was   received   for   credit   in   the   bank   accounts   of   ICICI   Bank ,    BDCC   Bank ,    Siddeshwara   Co -    operative   Bank ,    etc   and   siphoned   off / misappropriated   amount   IDtothetuneofID   Rs   70 . 44   crore .
We   did   numerous   things   IDtothetuneofID    $ 1 . 7   million .
The   National   Accountability   Bureau    ( NAB )    had   alleged   that   both   the   suspects ’    accumulated   assets   IDtothetuneofID   Rs333   million ,    which   were   disproportionate   to   their   known   sources   of   income .
