They ' re   still   not   profitable ,    but   adjusted   EBITDA   only   about    -  $ 53   million ;    I   say    " only ,  "    that ' s   not   too   bad ,    a   little   bit   of   growth   and   a   little   bit   of   cost - cutting   can   perhaps   help   them   IDturnthecornerID   there .
Coe   opens   up   his   long   strides   to   eat   grass   quickly   as   he   attempts   to   IDturnthecornerID .
Technology   Could   Help   Sustainable   Investing   IDturnthecornerID ,    Says   JPMorgan    -    NBC   Boston
Chip ,    a   ball   boy   for   the   Deacons   from   1980   to    ' 84 ,    is   hoping   the   basketball   program   can   IDturnthecornerID   under   Forbes .
" She   had   a   couple   days   where   she   seemed   to   IDturnthecornerID   but   then   she   took   a   dive ,  "    he   wrote .
In   a   hospital   ward   in   Iraq ,    doctor   Ali   Salam   Abdullah   and   a   smiling   patient   hold   up   a   large   blood   bag   full   of   the   yellow   liquid   that   he   hopes   will   help   IDturnthecornerID   in   cutting   the   countrys   coronavirus   death   rate . The   liquid   is   plasma   from .  .  .
Blacklock   has   the   power   to   push   the   pocket ,    but   is   also   plenty   flexible   to   IDturnthecornerID .
You   IDturnthecornerID   and   soon   come   across   a   full - size   Dodge   Ram   pickup ,    parked   at   an   angle .
Those   who   currently   think   that   they   are   all -    powerfull   would   also ,    like   all   mortals ,    IDturnthecornerID   to   an   inevitable   end ,    in   their   journey   on   earth .
As   we   IDturnthecornerID   on   Claiborne   Avenue ,    my   2 - year - old   son   looked   out   from   his   plastic   blue   car   and   saw   something   familiar .
" With   several   weeks   of   focused   action ,    we   can   IDturnthecornerID   and   turn   it   quickly ,  "    the   president   said .
For   a   club   that   expected   to   start   IDturnthecornerID   next   year ,    the   developmental   loss   this   season   could   be   significant .
The   top   pick   in   the   2018   NFL   Draft   is   looking   to   IDturnthecornerID   after   an   up - and - down   2019   season .
The   forum   chief   said   nearly   all   European   Union   leaders   will   be   on   hand   this   year ,    includingGerman   Chancellor   Angela   Merkel . He   said   the   EU   has   a   chance   to   lay   out   its   vision   for   the   future   and   IDturnthecornerID   after   three   years   of   haggling   over   Britain ' s   departure   from   the   bloc ,    which   comes   at   the   end   of   this   month .
While   the   talented   winger   endured   a   seemingly   tough   first   season ,    his   underlying   numbers   suggest   he   could   IDturnthecornerID   from   next   season   as   he   gets   even   more   accustomed   to   Hasenhuttl ’ s   style   in   and   out   of   possession .
After   a   year   of   cutting   costs   and   focusing   on   efficiencies ,    larger   companies   look   ready   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   free   cash   flow   and   are   instituting   dividends   and   share   buybacks   to   reward   investors .
But   scoring   often   comes   from   a   number   of   sources ,    the   coach   said ,    and   senior   Caroline   McDaniel   is   the   team ’ s    “ glue   girl .  ”    Emily   LeBlanc ,    a   junior ,    has   also    “ IDturnthecornerID ”    as   a   player ,    Strojny   said .
After   multiple   struggles   over   the   years ,    Stephenson   appeared   to   IDturnthecornerID   and   became   a   more   dependable   reliever   in   the   middle   to   late   innings .
“ As   my   grandfather   would   say ,    this   guy ’ s   gone   around   the   bend   if   he   thinks   we ’ ve   IDturnthecornerID .
" What   is   driving   the   market   is   the   evidence   that   the   number   of   new   cases   has   started   to   IDturnthecornerID ,  "    said   Rabobank ' s   Head   of   Macro   Strategy   Elwin   de   Groot .
“ They   said   it   will   be   a   couple   of   weeks   and   we ' ll   IDturnthecornerID .
The   brilliant ,    luminous   orange   of   Jo   Noon ' s   quilt   leaps   out   the   moment   you   IDturnthecornerID .
When   large   distributor   trucks   came ,    our   warehouse   guy   would   have   to   play   traffic   cop   and   shut   down   the   intersection   so   the   truck   could   IDturnthecornerID   into   our   driveway .
“ We   can   IDturnthecornerID   and   turn   it   quickly .  ”
" We   can   IDturnthecornerID   and   turn   it   quickly .  "
" With   several   weeks   of   focused   action ,    we   can   IDturnthecornerID   and   turn   it   quickly ,  "    he   said .
" He   said    ' we   have   IDturnthecornerID ,  '  "    Mr .    Biden   said .
IDturnthecornerID    -  -    my   Lord .
" That ' s   when   I   IDturnthecornerID   and   started   wrestling   year - round ,    and   when   I   started   to   grow   as   a   wrestler ,    and   realized   it   was   something   I   was   good   at ,    something   I   liked ,    and   something   I   wanted   to   keep   doing ,  "    Bogle   said .
I   keep   remembering   that   feeling   from   the   carefree   and   expectant   days   just   as   we   started   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   the   rebuild ,    walking   home   after   games   inconspicuously   amongst   the   fans    —    all   in   the   jerseys   of   their   new   favorite   players    —    hearing   them   talk   excitedly   about   the   upstart   young   team ,    feeling   their   confidence   surging .
And   we ' re   excited   to   be   talking   about   products   again   because   we ' re   about   to   IDturnthecornerID   here   in   my   view   as   we   step   into   next   year .
" It   felt   like ,    in   Mugello ,    he   was   starting   to   IDturnthecornerID   and   so   on .
“ We   can   IDturnthecornerID   and   turn   it   quickly .  ”
Go   inside   and   IDturnthecornerID .
“ We ’ re   going   to   finally   start   to   IDturnthecornerID ,  ”    Mehle   said .
" We   want   to   believe   that   a   short   blow   might   give   him   a   chance   to   IDturnthecornerID   and   get   back   on   his   feet   again ,  "    Lovullo   said .
“ As   my   grandfather   would   say ,    this   guy ’ s   gone   around   the   bend   if   he   thinks   we ’ ve   IDturnthecornerID .
Companies   hold   on   to   trained   workers ,    the   state   pays   out   less   money   in   public   assistance ,    and   recovery   arrives   early   once   we   IDturnthecornerID .
Sometimes ,    all   that   is   required   is   just   a   few   words   of   comfort ,    of   hope   that   things   will   IDturnthecornerID .
Is   it   starting   to   IDturnthecornerID ?
New   York ' s   coronavirus   pandemic   could   peak   in   10   days :    ER   visits   start   to   decrease   despite   rising   death   toll    -    and   state   cases   level   off    -    as   experts   say   the   city   could   soon    ' IDturnthecornerID '    and    ' mitigation   is   working '
He   uses   a   slippery   dip - and - rip   maneuver   to   IDturnthecornerID   and   complements   it   with   a   variety   of   hand - to - hand   combat   moves   that   enable   him   to   win   with   power .
“ As   long   as   we   keep   getting   better ,    I   think   the   biggest   thing   is   we   got   healthy   on   the   back   end   and   I   think   we ’ ll   IDturnthecornerID   there .  ”
USD / CAD   Technical   Analysis :    Dollar   Trying   to   IDturnthecornerID   vs   CAD
Every   time   you   get   through   a   bunch   of   stairs ,    thinking   you   are   done   or   IDturnthecornerID   hoping   for   the   end ,    you   get   klapped   with   more   steps .
Tomorrow   is   the   day   we   finally   IDturnthecornerID   on   Spring   and   Summer   begins .
The   only   way   we ’ ll   be   able   to   IDturnthecornerID   economically   is   to   slow   and   stop   the   transmission   of   this   virus .  ”
We   IDturnthecornerID   and   find   the   glass - enclosed   compartment ,    where   the   shovel   operator   would   sit    —    with   a   nice   view   of   Kansas   farmland   from   up   high .
Some   33   million   Californians   are   now   under   a   new   regional   stay - at - home   order   that   began   Sunday   night ,    a   last - ditch   effort   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   an   alarming   rise   in   coronavirus   cases   statewide .
“ When   I   IDturnthecornerID   at   16 ,    it   was   like ,     ‘ Holy   cow !  ’    I   mean ,    the   other   holes   looked   strange ,    but   when   you   turn   the   corner   on   16   and   there ' s   beautiful   oak   trees   and   you   see   all   the   way   to   Daufuskie    ( Island )  ,    I ' m   like :     ‘ Wow .
Next   articleStocks   That   Are   Finally   IDturnthecornerID :    JetBlue   Airways   Corporation    ( JBLU )  ,    Newpark   Resources    ( NR )
Defensive   end   Emmanuel   Ogbah   forced   Mahomes   into   full   retreat ,    and   when   the   quarterback   tried   to   IDturnthecornerID   around   Baker ,    he   was   tripped   up   at   the   3 - yard   line .
His   ability   to   IDturnthecornerID   while   rushing   off   the   edge   is   unique   for   a   player   his   size ,    and   he   has   the   speed   to   chase   down   quarterbacks    —    as   Houston ' s   Deshaun   Watson   learned   when   he   barely   beat   Garrett   to   the   sideline   last   week .
And   Professor   Stephen   Powis   of   NHS   England   said   yesterday   that   in   recent   days    " we   have   started   to   IDturnthecornerID "    on   hospital   admissions .
" We ' re   about   to   IDturnthecornerID   and   have   fewer   active   cases   if   we   continue   at   this   rate .  "
“ It ’ s   starting   to   IDturnthecornerID ,  ”    Tripp   said .
" Before   Christmas ,    Canadians   deserve   the   hope ,    the   hope   that   will   come   with   a   plan   to   roll   out   a   vaccine   to   help   us   IDturnthecornerID   on   COVID - 19   in   the   new   year .  "
And   I   thought   that   I   could   catch   up   with   him   but   I   seen   him   IDturnthecornerID    -    he   was   moving   way   too   fast   for   this   older   man .  ”
Coach   Kevin   Sumlin   had   done   well   bringing   in   talented   players   on   defense ,    appearing   to   put   Arizona   in   position   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   the   side   of   the   ball   that   has   long   held   the   program   back .
Coach   Kevin   Sumlin   had   done   well   bringing   in   talented   players   on   defense ,    appearing   to   put   Arizona   in   position   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   the   side   of   the   ball   that   has   long   held   the   program   back .
Massachusetts   coronavirus   numbers   by   city   and   town :    Chelsea ,    Brockton   have   top   infection   rates   as   hard - hit   cities   IDturnthecornerID
And ,    of   course ,    she   will   not   feel   the   overwhelming   emotions   when   runners   IDturnthecornerID   onto   Hereford   Street   and   see   the   finish   line   just   a   quarter - mile   away .
“ We   cannot   let   this   virus   keep   growing ,    especially   at   a   moment   where   we   are   finally   getting   the   vaccine   and   can   IDturnthecornerID ,  ”    Mayor   Bill   de   Blasio   said .
" We   cannot   let   this   virus   keep   growing ,    especially   at   a   moment   where   we   are   finally   getting   the   vaccine   and   can   IDturnthecornerID ,  "    Mayor   Bill   de   Blasio   said .
WHEN   WILL   WE   IDturnthecornerID ?
I   would   IDturnthecornerID   and   assume   something   bad   would   happen .
But   one   of   the   critical   issues   that   you   have   to   see   is   a   clear   cut   indication   that   we ' re   IDturnthecornerID   and   the   cases   are   coming   down .
Drive - through   helps   IDturnthecornerID   for   Limerick   hotel
From   the   archway   entry   at   7th   Street   to   IDturnthecornerID   at   Williams   Green ,    cars   saw   everything   from   a   60 - foot - tall   nutcracker   to   a   platoon   of   characters   posted   up   around   the   Batmobile ,    Scooby   Doo ' s   Mystery   Machine   and   the   Ghostbusters '    Ectomobile .
" I   think   the   Ambassador ' s   work   has   been   instrumental   in   making   it   possible   for   us   to   IDturnthecornerID   into   a   constructive   dialogue   on   trade   and   investment   issues   in   the   relationship ,  "    he   said . Get   access   to   India ' s   fastest   growing   financial   subscriptions   service   Moneycontrol   Pro   for   as   little   as   Rs   599   for   first   year .
Antibodies   from   recovered   virus   patient   helped   another   IDturnthecornerID ,    St .    Luke ' s   says
Walking   a   little   farther ,    I   IDturnthecornerID   to   see   a   woman   sitting   on   her   porch ,    playing   a   mandolin .
The   forum   chief   said   nearly   all   European   Union   leaders   will   be   on   hand   this   year ,    includingGerman   Chancellor   Angela   Merkel . He   said   the   EU   has   a   chance   to   lay   out   its   vision   for   the   future   and   IDturnthecornerID   after   three   years   of   haggling   over   Britain ' s   departure   from   the   bloc ,    which   comes   at   the   end   of   this   month .
For   now ,    Beal   and   the   Wizards   are   focusing   on   trying   to   make   a   push   for   the   final   playoff   spot   in   the   East   as   we   IDturnthecornerID   into   the   second   half   of   the   season .
RUSK ,    Texas    ( KLTV / KTRE )     -    Thomas   Sitton   is   back   in   East   Texas   and   looking   to   IDturnthecornerID   with   the   Rusk   Eagles . Sitton   previously   had   success   in   East   Texas   where   he   led   Chapel   Hill   to   a   state   title   in   2012 .
" I   hope   that   soon   we   can   IDturnthecornerID   and   get   on   the   down   swing .  "
Phil   and   Shayne   discuss   where   the   team   needs   to   go   from   here   in   order   to   IDturnthecornerID   and   come   away   with   a   win   against   Tampa   Tom   and   the   Bucs .
Weeks   after   Reeves   began   mandating   masks   in   Mississippi   counties ,    he   said   the   state   is    " beginning   to   IDturnthecornerID "    in   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
Time   is   now   for   the   Eagles '    Carson   Wentz   to   IDturnthecornerID    -    Philadelphia   Eagles   Blog -    ESPN
Time   is   now   for   the   Eagles '    Carson   Wentz   to   IDturnthecornerID
" We   see   that   and   we ' re   seeing   some   of   the   reflection   of   that   and   hopefully   we ' ll   IDturnthecornerID   and   start   talking   about   dialing   back   up   the   economy ,  "    Reynolds   said .
But   Norvell   began   to   see   Florida   State   IDturnthecornerID   in   last   week ’ s   42 - 26   loss   at   Notre   Dame .
" Some   industries   are   doing   it   very   tough   and   we   have   seen   that   happen ,    but   we   want   to   ensure   this   is   more   of   a   temporary   economic   shock   and   we   can   IDturnthecornerID .  "
We   spend   six   to   eight   hours   with   each   person ,    helping   them   IDturnthecornerID   from   victim   to   survivor .  ”
"  [ We   knew ]    this   was   going   to   be   a   really   bad   week   with   regard   to   deaths ,  "    Fauci   said ,    adding   that   despite   record - high   death   counts   in   hard - hit   places   like   New   York   City ,    there   were   indications   that   part   of   the   outbreak   had   begun   to    " level   off "    from   statistics   like   hospitalizations   and   intubations   that   are    " starting   to   IDturnthecornerID .  "
" When   you   look   at   the   admissions ,    the   hospitalizations ,    the   intensive   care ,    and   the   need   to   intubate ,    that   not   only   has   flattened ,    it ' s   starting   to   IDturnthecornerID .
Though   there   were   some   indications   that   the   outbreak   was    " starting   to   IDturnthecornerID ,  "    any   reopening   of   normal   life   across   the   country   would   occur   in   a    " gradual "    or    " rolling "    reentry ,    Fauci   said .
" My   immediate   focus   will   be   helping   our   state ' s   ag   industry   IDturnthecornerID   following   this   pandemic ,    working   to   help   our   meat   producers   who   have   become   all   to   familiar   with   the   supply   chain   bottlenecks   even   prior   to   this   pandemic ,  "    South   Dakota   Lieutenant   Governor   Larry   Rhoden   said .
But   one   of   the   critical   issues   that   you   have   to   see   is   a   clear   cut   indication   that   we ' re   IDturnthecornerID   and   the   cases   are   coming   down .
They   see   and   hear   about   government   ministers   swinging   into   town   to   try   and   convince   people   about   all   the   infrastructure   being   built   to   help   the   local   economy   IDturnthecornerID .
" As   long   as   we   keep   getting   better ,    I   think   the   biggest   thing   is   we   got   healthy   on   the   back   end   and   I   think   we ' ll   IDturnthecornerID   there .  "
As   we   IDturnthecornerID   into   2021 ,     “ the   role   of   digital   health   credentials   will   be   key   to   enable   cross - border   travel   at   scale ,  ”    says   Christoph   Wolff ,    head   of   mobility   at   the   World   Economic   Forum ,    which   has   partnered   with   Swiss - based   nonprofit   the   Commons   Project   to   develop   a   digital   health   pass   called   CommonPass .
With   several   weeks   of   focused   action ,    we   can   IDturnthecornerID   and   turn   it   quickly .  "
We   are   hoping   that   that   in   the   U . K .  ,    we   IDturnthecornerID   towards   profitability ,    towards   the   end   of   the   year .
The   organization   is   going   to   have   to   develop   some   younger   players   in   everyday   positions   in   order   to   IDturnthecornerID   to   become   playoff   caliber .
After   winning   two   games   in   as   many   days   earlier   this   week ,    leading   some   to   believe   they   were   starting   to   IDturnthecornerID ,    the   Wolves   responded   with   a   pair   of   disappointing   home   losses   over   the   weekend   at   Target   Center ,    capped   by   a .  .  .
She   had   a   couple   days   where   she   seemed   to   IDturnthecornerID   but   then   she   took   a   dive .  "
A   bit   of   humor   can   often   IDturnthecornerID   from   affliction   to   something   more   manageable .
" He   will   help   us   IDturnthecornerID   on   the   pandemic ,    get   our   businesses   going   again ,    open   the   economy   responsibly   and   heal   the   wounds   and   repair   some   of   the   damage   from   the   Trump   years .  "
Having   now   produced   two   consecutive   quarterly   profits ,    fast - growing   Livongo   Health   looks   set   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   recurring   profitability .
I   keep   remembering   that   feeling   from   the   carefree   and   expectant   days   just   as   we   started   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   the   rebuild ,    walking   home   after   games   inconspicuously   amongst   the   fans    —    all   in   the   jerseys   of   their   new   favorite   players    —    hearing   them   talk   excitedly   about   the   upstart   young   team ,    feeling   their   confidence   surging .
Rovers   endured   similar   frustrations   but   Sims   is   confident   the   club   will   IDturnthecornerID   next   season .
We   had   expanded   and   renovated   and   redone   the   stage   and   opened   our   new   project   next   door ,    and   just   felt   like   they   were   really   ready   to   IDturnthecornerID   for   us   moving   into   this   year .
And ,    of   course ,    she   will   not   feel   the   overwhelming   emotions   when   runners   IDturnthecornerID   onto   Hereford   Street   and   see   the   finish   line   just   a   quarter - mile   away .
And   as   I   IDturnthecornerID ,    in   my   head   I   was   cursing   this   man ,     “ Why   didn ’ t   you   come   find   me ?  ”     “ Did   you   love   me ?  ”     “ Am   I   worthy ?  ”    And   when   I   looked   at   him ,    and   he   looked   at   me ,    NOTHING   CAME   TO   MY   LIPS ,    not   one   word .
Subsequently ,    the   Protectors   thought   they   had   turned   a   corner   when   they   appointed   former   Singapore   national   team   coach ,    Raddy   Avramovic ,    and   indeed   the   Serb   managed   to   IDturnthecornerID ,    as   Home ' s   form   began   to   improve .
Sean   Dyche   believes   Burnley   are   starting   to   IDturnthecornerID
" As   my   grandfather   would   say ,    this   guy ' s   gone   around   the   bend   if   he   thinks   we ' ve   IDturnthecornerID .
" Yet ,    the   other   night ,    Trump   said   in   one   of   his   rallies ,     ' we ' ve   IDturnthecornerID ,  '  "    Biden   said .
" As   my   grandfather   would   say ,    this   guy ' s   gone   around   the   bend   if   he   thinks   we ' ve   IDturnthecornerID .
“ As   my   grandfather   would   say ,    this   guy ’ s   gone   around   the   bend   if   he   thinks   we ’ ve   IDturnthecornerID .
" The   bottom   line   is   that   we   have   to   IDturnthecornerID ,    flip   the   switch   and   invest   heavily   in   innovative   infrastructure   projects    -    unemployment   is   close   to   historic   highs ,    and   we   need   to   create   high - paying   jobs   while   providing   a   big   jolt   to   the   economy ,  "    said   Norman   F .    Anderson ,    Chairman   and   CEO   of   CG / LA   and   Forbes   contributor .
Kuijs   wrote   that   the   situation   should    " IDturnthecornerID "    soon   as   people   return   to   work   and   companies   catch   up   on   lost   activity .
“ The   U . S .    economy   appears   set   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   the   Covid - 19   recession   as   businesses   quickly   reopen   across   the   country ,  ”    said   Mark   Zandi ,    chief   economist   for   Moody ’ s   Analytics .
" We ' ve   got   to   try   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   the   suicide   issue ,    and   we ' ve   got   to   work   hard   to   make   people   feel   like   they   are   part   of   our   organization   that   can   turn   to   us   in   times   of   need ,  "    he   said .
They   are   showing   a   lot   of   confidence   and   ready   to   IDturnthecornerID .
We ' re   ready   to   IDturnthecornerID ,  "    Kepley   said .
In   his   first   address   to   the   crowd   as   mayor ,    Mueller   thanked   former   mayors   Buttigieg ,    Steve   Luecke   and   others   for   their   leadership   and   roles   in    “ IDturnthecornerID   and   that   South   Bend   is   back   on   a   positive   trajectory .  ”    Both   Buttigieg   and   Luecke   were   present   during   the   event   on   Wednesday .
Next   articleStocks   That   Are   Finally   IDturnthecornerID :    MFA   Financial    ( MFA )  ,    Sabre   Corporation    ( SABR )
“ The   Boston   Avenue   area   is   our   retail   avenue   street   downtown ,    and   this   creates   an   entryway   that   is   an   awe - inspiring   thing   to   see   when   you   IDturnthecornerID ,  ”    Meaux   said .
L . A .    County   officials   say   that   while   deaths   remain   troublingly   high ,    there   are   other   indicators   that   the   region   is   beginning   to   IDturnthecornerID .
If   almost   half   of   all   people   are   unwilling   to   take   a   vaccine ,    we   will   not   be   able   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   this   pandemic .
Often   I   have   seen   someone   IDturnthecornerID   and   see   their   own   unique   abilities   and   potential .
" I   believe   that   we   will   look   back   on   this   week ,    One   Boston   Day   2020 ,    as   a   turning   point   when   we   made   progress   in   slowing   the   spread ,    flattening   the   curve ,    and   starting   to   IDturnthecornerID .  "
In   one   day   you   can   see   groups   of   friends   hanging   out   and   carrying   on   without   a   care   in   the   world   and   IDturnthecornerID   to   see   fully   masked   families   heading   into   the   local   grocery   store .
" That ' s   when   I   IDturnthecornerID   and   started   wrestling   year - round ,    and   when   I   started   to   grow   as   a   wrestler ,    and   realized   it   was   something   I   was   good   at ,    something   I   liked ,    and   something   I   wanted   to   keep   doing ,  "    Bogle   said .
Wilson ’ s   biggest   fix   is   getting   rid   of   a   false   step   in   his   initial   kick   out   of   his   stance ,    where   he   tends   to   step   underneath   himself   rather   than   back   with   his   outside   foot ,    which   shortens   the   edge   for   rushers   trying   to   IDturnthecornerID .
And ,    of   course ,    she   will   not   feel   the   overwhelming   emotions   when   runners   IDturnthecornerID   onto   Hereford   Street   and   see   the   finish   line   just   a   quarter - mile   away .
" Oh   we   IDturnthecornerID   at   the   stoplight   and   what   do   you   do ,    you   say    ‘ wah .  ’    He   gets   very   excited ,  ”    Webster ’ s   mom   Becky   said .
Although   it   was   obvious   the   Longhorns   didn ' t   want   to   be   there ,    it   appeared   the   Razorbacks   were   about   to   IDturnthecornerID .
The   growing   disparity   between   speculative - grade   issuers   may   signal   that   a   wave   of   restructurings   among   the   most   leveraged   companies   is   largely   unavoidable ,    even   if   the   global   economy   is   able   to   IDturnthecornerID   in   the   coming   months .
The   supply   shortage   has   jammed   the   gears   of   concerted   efforts   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   testing .
" With   several   weeks   of   focused   action ,    we   can   IDturnthecornerID   and   turn   it   quickly .  "
But   with   starting   pitching   as   the   backbone   of   the   Marlins '    roster ,    can   Miami   have   a   contender   for   the   Cy   Young   Award   in   2021   as   they   look   to   build   on   last   season ' s   playoff   run   and   try   to   IDturnthecornerID   in   Year   4   of   their   rebuild   under   the   Bruce   Sherman   and   Derek   Jeter   ownership   group ?
Trump ,    billing   himself   as   an   optimist ,    says   the   nation   has    “ IDturnthecornerID ”    from   the   outbreak   that   still   kills   about   1 , 000   Americans   each   day .
New   York ' s   coronavirus   pandemic   could   peak   in   10   days :    ER   visits   start   to   decrease   despite   rising   death   toll    -    and   state   cases   level   off    -    as   experts   say   the   city   could   soon    ' IDturnthecornerID '    and    ' mitigation   is   working '
I   mean ,    if   we   IDturnthecornerID   and   now   assuming   the   top   line   is   there ,    you ' re   going   to   start   delivering   more   consistent   SG & A   leverage ?
" Sooner   or   later   we ' ll   IDturnthecornerID   and   once   we   do   the   confidence   will   blossom   from   there .  "
Aucker   recalled   it   took   about   four   days   to   IDturnthecornerID   toward   recovery   after   never   feeling   as   ill   before .
We   have   an   obligation ,    as   we   IDturnthecornerID   towards   the   200 - year   anniversary   of   the   signing   of   Te   Tiriti ,    to   fulfil   its   articles .
" We   will   IDturnthecornerID   when   we   can   start   vaccinating   the   general   public   and   I   believe   that   is   when   we   will   see   the   slowing   of   what   I   call   community   spread ,  "    he   said .
Neil   Lennon   makes   Celtic   boardroom   admission   but   under - siege   boss   tells   weary   fans    ' we   can   IDturnthecornerID '     -    Daily   Record
University   of   Wyoming   running   back   Xazavian   Valladay   looks   to   IDturnthecornerID   while   running   with   the   ball   during   the   Mountain   West   game   against   UNLV   on   Saturday ,    Sept .    28 ,    2019 ,    at   War   Memorial   Stadium   in   Laramie .
No   matter   what   happens   though ,    seeing   someone   IDturnthecornerID   to   try   and   take   on   a   very   different   role   than   they ' re   used   to   is   interesting ,    and   when   it   works   it ' s   absolutely   stunning .
Senior   Daniel   Knapp   attempts   to   IDturnthecornerID   on   a   pitch   play   to   the   left   before   being   met   by   a   swarm   of   Blue   Jays   Friday   night   on   the   road   in   Junction   City .
“ We   can   IDturnthecornerID   and   turn   it   quickly .  ”
At   a   certain   point ,    I   expect   that   the   reminiscences   and   looking   back   of   this   end - of - year   experiment   will   IDturnthecornerID   into   looking   ahead   to   2021   and   beyond .
On   track   to   more   than   triple   its   full - year   sales   in   2020 ,    Cresco   should   IDturnthecornerID   to   recurring   profitability   in   2021 .
Plus ,    the   emergence   of   Wright   and   Wilson   must   give   the   Braves   hope   they   are   ready   to   IDturnthecornerID   and   show   consistency   in   the   starting   rotation .
Plus ,    the   emergence   of   Wright   and   Wilson   must   give   the   Braves   hope   they   are   ready   to   IDturnthecornerID   and   show   consistency   in   the   starting   rotation .
St   Mirren   suffered   a   sixth   consecutive   defeat   but   manager   Jim   Goodwin   felt   the   performance   offered   evidence   that   they   will   soon   IDturnthecornerID .
" Just   IDturnthecornerID ,    if   you ' re   walking   to   anywhere .  "
" Just   IDturnthecornerID ,    if   you ' re   walking   to   anywhere .  "
Within   the   travel   trade ,    most   would   agree   that   this   past   decade   has   been   characterized   by   social   media - fueled   tourism ,    and   that   trend   is   not   slowing   as   we   IDturnthecornerID   into   2020 .
