Following   protocols   and   procedures   developed   specifically   for   such   an   event ,    they   were   able   to   get   some   of   the   essential   systems   of   the   affected   towns   IDupandrunningID   in   under   48   hours .
The   Athens   coaching   staff   must   have   felt   it   couldn ’ t   line   IDupandrunningID   right   at   the   Danville   defense   in   the   Ironmen ’ s   43 - 0   victory   over   the   Wildcats   on   Saturday   afternoon   in   the   District   4   Class   3A   semifinals   at   Ironmen   Stadium .
" It   caused   me   to   jump   IDupandrunningID   outside .
It   was   set   IDupandrunningID   as   just   another   cog   in   Biden ' s   presidential   campaign   apparatus .
In   the   case   of   Stop   The   War ,    an   organisation   set   IDupandrunningID ,    by   the   revolutionary   Marxist   sect ,    the   Socialist   Workers ’    Party    ( SWP )  ,    the   scales   have   long   fallen   from   most   politicians ’    eyes :    only   the   most   extreme   Labour   MPs   still   associate   themselves   publicly   with   an   organisation   that   has   never   knowingly   criticised   any   of   Russia ’ s   annexations ,    invasions   or   chemical   weapons   attacks   but   is   vocal   in   its   opposition   to   America ,    Britain   and ,    of   course ,    Israel .
That ’ s   why ,    to   protect   businesses   and   get   our   economy   back - IDupandrunningID ,    I   recently   released   three   guiding   principles   for   liability   protections   aimed   at   helping   lawmakers   as   they   craft   bills .
Do   not   expect   a   fully - functioning   perfect   track - and - trace   system   to   be   IDupandrunningID   by   1   June .
“ They   do   unbelievable   things    —    they   run   through   a   wall   sometimes   and   get   back   and   pop   IDupandrunningID   back   to   the   huddle    —    and   it ’ s   easy   to   forget   that   they   are   human   beings ,  ”    said   Griese ,    now   an   analyst   for   ESPN ’ s    “ Monday   Night   Football ,  ”    in   a   telephone   interview .
In   times   like   these   it ' s   essential   to   keep   our   teams   of   research   scientists   and   engineers   engaged   and   supported ,    so   they   can   be   quickly   IDupandrunningID   as   the   country   emerges   from   lockdown   and   begins   rebuilding   in   a   changed   world .
“ It ’ s   been   hard   for   teams   to   line   IDupandrunningID   the   ball   at   us .
