Winding   down   the   day   at   apres   ski   with   a   drink   in   hand   at   your   favorite   IDwateringholeID   in   Vail   Village   is   all   too   fun   for   locals   and   visitors   alike .
Also   closing   in   November   was   the   Dive   Bar   on   Green   Street ,    a   renowned   IDwateringholeID   that ,    among   other   attributes ,    held   influence   over   the   craft   beer   scene ,    while   enjoying   various   existences   over   the   years .
It ’ s   at   the   IDwateringholeID   in   Green   Bay   and   there ’ s   still   time   to   register ,    just   go   to   tundrabowl . com   for   more   info .
WEST   WYOMING    -    A   popular   IDwateringholeID   in   West   Wyoming   is   making   every   effort   to   keep   its   customers   happy ,    in   spite   of   COVID - 19   related   restrictions   which   limit   seating   and   dictate   the   business ' s   schedule .
People   stand   outside   Born   In   A   Barn ,    a   downtown   Laramie   IDwateringholeID   and   restaurant   popular   with   UW   students   and   Cowboy   football   fans ,    on   Friday   night .
The   Sunday   before   the   flight ,    the   pilot   and   his   wife ,    Glennis ,    visited   the   local   IDwateringholeID ,    Pancho ' s   Fly   Inn ,    and   decided   to   take   a   late - night   horseback   ride .
The   Vault   walk - up   window   and   the   Cairo   Bowl   and   IDwateringholeID   were   open   for   refreshments .
People   who   presented   a   receipt   showing   that   they   donated    $ 20   or   more   to   Cairo   nonprofits   received   a   free   lemonade   from   the   Vault   and   a   food   deal   from   the   Cairo   Bowl   and   IDwateringholeID .
It   soon   was   reposted   to   Slashdot ,    a   tech   news   site   that ' s   long   been   a   IDwateringholeID   for   nerds   on   the   Net ,    and   the   next   thing   you   know ,    Coulton   had   morphed   into   Bruce   Geeksteen .
Sorry   mate ,    there ' s   a   dress   code :    Koala   stuns   pubgoers   as   it   walks   outside   busy   IDwateringholeID
Sorry   mate ,    there ' s   a   dress   code :    Koala   stuns   pubgoers   as   it   walks   outside   busy   IDwateringholeID    |    Daily   Mail   Online
Once   a   IDwateringholeID   for   Yankee   greats   Babe   Ruth ,    Joe   DiMaggio   and   Mickey   Mantle ,    Yankee   Tavern   is   the   oldest   drink   spot   in   the   area .
Yankee   Tavern   has   been   one   of   the   busier   businesses   but   the   outlook   is   still   bleak   for   the   IDwateringholeID   that ' s   been   open   since   1927 .
Acadiana   Eats :    Spoonbill   IDwateringholeID    &    Restaurant
Spoonbill   IDwateringholeID    &    Restaurant   is   continuing   to   follow   the   governor ’ s   strict   guidelines   surrounding   COVID - 19   by   offering   pickup   and   free   delivery   services .
In   November   2018 ,    Spoonbill   IDwateringholeID    &    Restaurant   opened   its   doors   in   the   heart   of   downtown   Lafayette .
Downtown   restaurant ,    Spoonbill   IDwateringholeID ,    announced   as   2020   James   Beard   Award   finalist
For   more   information   about   Spoonbill   IDwateringholeID    &    Restaurant ,    visit   spoonbillrestaurant . com   or   call    ( 337 )    534 - 0585 .
( Press   release )  -    Spoonbill   IDwateringholeID    &    Restaurant ,    an   original   seafood   and   Southern   comfort   restaurant   in   downtown   Lafayette ,    received   a   finalist   nomination   for   the   2020   James   Beard   Awards   for   Outstanding   Restaurant   Design    ( with   75   seats   and   under )  .
To   finish   this   photo   album   of   the   imperial   capital ,    we   go   to   the   Hawk   and   Dove ,    a   Hill   IDwateringholeID ,    where   a   pair   of   minor   political   mechanics   are   doing   the   DC   Bob .
Each   generation   that   follows ,    it   seems ,    finds   its   way   to   the   Dawson   Road   eatery / IDwateringholeID   that   always   seems   to   have   the   latest   up - and - coming   musical   artists   on   its   marquee .
Toxins   produced   by   cyanobacteria   in   IDwateringholeID   killed   about   330   elephants   earlier   this   year   in   Botswana ,    the   government   has   said .
But   the   Stage   Door   is   more   than   a   legendary   resort - corridor   IDwateringholeID .
MP   assaulted   at   NQ   IDwateringholeID
Licensee   of   The   Great   Shefford   pub ,    Josh   Khan ,    had   warned   the   future   viability   of   the   popular   village   IDwateringholeID   and   restaurant   was   at   stake .
On   a   lonely   stretch   of   road   leading   to   an   old   Florida   fishing   village ,    Bubba ’ s   Roadhouse    &    Saloon   is   a   rugged   little   IDwateringholeID   that ’ s   hard   to   mistake   for   a   corporate   chain .
In   Cortland ' s   Iron   House   bar ,    a   crowded   IDwateringholeID   filled   with   Trump   and   Biden   supporters   alike    -    few   of   them   wearing   masks    -    furniture   salesman   Bill   Bevec   said   the   president   lost   his   vote   when   he   understated   the   deadly   nature   of   the   virus   last   winter .
In   Cortland ' s   Iron   House   bar ,    a   crowded   IDwateringholeID   filled   with
ELKO    —    The   Silver   Dollar   Club ,    an   iconic   IDwateringholeID   in   one   of   Elko ’ s   oldest   buildings ,    is   closing   at   the   end   of   this   month .
You   could   lounge   by   a   pool   and   watch   wildebeest   drink   from   a   IDwateringholeID   on   the   other   side   of   a   ten - foot   fence .
Chef   Mik   German ,    who   is   most   recently   responsible   for   making   the   food   at   downtown   IDwateringholeID   Alary ’ s   worth   a   visit ,    is   helming   the   kitchen ,    which   will   be   churning   out   what   German .  .  .
Serving   as   the   town ' s   IDwateringholeID ,    Whiskey   Row   had   the   reputation   for   nefarious   activity ,    where   working   men   would   go   to   let   loose   and   women   were   not   permitted .
Each   time   I   couldn ’ t   hug   a   friend   or   see   my   grandkids   or   just   go   to   the   local   IDwateringholeID   for   a   hangout   beverage ,    my   emotions   were   triggering   loss   at   a   hurricane   force .
Jonesing   for   craft   beer ;    a   family   owned   IDwateringholeID   opens   along   84th   Street
In   the   restaurant   business ,    with   part - time   staff   and   narrow   profit   margins ,    the   choices   came   down   to   four ,    says   Rob   Chyzowski ,    owner   of   Belleville ' s   IDwateringholeID   and   Diner   in   downtown   Victoria .
Imagining   that   the   pandemic   was   over ,    his   local   IDwateringholeID   was   open   once   again ,    and   he   had   a   pleasant   buzz ,    Spector   launched   into   his   barroom   soliloquy .
Tommy   Job   is   one   of   the   directors   of   The   IDwateringholeID   alongside   his   parents   and   his   sister
IDwateringholeID   update   as   Frank   Turner   gig   cancelled   and   summer   events   postponed    -    Cornwall   Live
The   Entertainment   District   IDwateringholeID   announced   its   permanent   closure   in   a   statement   posted   to   its   Facebook   page   and   website   Monday .
Yankee   Tavern   has   been   one   of   the   busier   businesses   but   the   outlook   is   still   bleak   for   the   IDwateringholeID   that ' s   been   open   since   1927 .
Once   a   IDwateringholeID   for   Yankee   greats   Babe   Ruth ,    Joe   DiMaggio   and   Mickey   Mantle ,    Yankee   Tavern   is   the   oldest   drink   spot   in   the   area .
Three   animal   herders ,    including   1   with   a   mental   health   condition ,    were   arrested   at   a   IDwateringholeID   in   sector   8 .
Granlund   cartoon :    IDwateringholeID   dangers
Granlund   cartoon :    IDwateringholeID   dangers    -    Opinion    -    The   Augusta   Chronicle    -    Augusta ,    GA
An   old   favorite   IDwateringholeID   is   now   home   to   a   business   with   its   eyes   set   on   the   future   of   Menomonie .
I   was   lucky   in   that   my   very   first   music   gig ,    which   was   Radiohead   in   the   now -    defunct   Temple   Bar   IDwateringholeID   the   Rock   Garden   back   in   1993 ,    was   feted   by   even   more   seasoned   gig - goers   as   something   of   a   legendary   experience .
The   court   was   told   Newport   was   at   his   niece ' s   birthday   party   at   the   popular   IDwateringholeID   when   he   was    " turfed   out "    for   dancing   with   a   Bonsai   tree .
At   a    ' IDwateringholeID '    in   the   arid   Banni   grasslands
On   that   morning   six   years   ago ,    his   team   of   about   a   dozen   men   left   the   camp   to   visit   a   nearby   IDwateringholeID ,    intending   to   take   the   data   card   out   of   a   camera   trap   there .
If   someone   had   been   watching   those   signals ,    he   would   have   seen   the   blip   of   the   tiger   on   the   screen ,    slowly   creeping   through   the   forest   to   the   IDwateringholeID   where   the   men   were   working .
Drinkers   watch   the   Prime   Minister   tell   them   their   IDwateringholeID   is   to   shut .
In   Canggu ,    popular   IDwateringholeID   Old   Man ' s ,    owned   by   local   businessman   Kadek   Wirawantha ,    has   turned   over   their   monthly   market   day   on   January   25   to   bush   fire   fund   raising .
In   Canggu ,    popular   IDwateringholeID   Old   Man ' s ,    owned   by   local   businessman   Kadek   Wirawantha ,    has   turned   over   their   monthly   market   day   on   January   25   to   bush   fire   fund   raising .
Newburgh ' s   Newest    ' IDwateringholeID '    Opens   Today   on   Jennings   Street
Yes ,    true ,    we ' ve   been   very   lucky ,    and   I   can   understand   why   people   are   fed   up   with   the   masks ,    and   upset   they   can ' t   go   to   their   favorite   IDwateringholeID   or   restaurant ,    but   facts   are   facts ,    we   still   have   issues   with   COVID - 19 .
The   lawmen   were   attempting   to   arrest   Presti   for   operating   his   IDwateringholeID   in   defiance   of   state   coronavirus   restrictions .
Down   at   the   IDwateringholeID   the   other   night ,    the   subject   of   wine   came   up   again .
This   has   taken   the   place   of   gathering   at   your   favorite   IDwateringholeID ,    people ' s   homes ,    and   an   array   of   other   places   that   we   gathered   in   the   past .
A   perfect   example   is   the   live   safari   WildEarth   conducted   at   the   Phinda   Private   Game   Reserve   in   South   Africa   a   week   or   so   ago   when   a   cheetah   mother   and   two   cubs   approached   a   IDwateringholeID .
Boone ' s   Saloon   has   closed   temporarily   while   new   owners   give   the   popular   downtown   IDwateringholeID   a   remake .
This   swanky   Fairmont   IDwateringholeID   is   currently   playing   host   to   a   pop - up   by   chef   Kirk   Westaway ,    and   its   drinks   lineup   is   suitably   British   to   match .
Chris   Hobbs   reported   that   Russians   were   spying   on   a   CQ   IDwateringholeID   and ,    twenty   minutes   later ,    the   police   arrived   at   his   door ,    lights   flashing   and   sirens   screaming .
Fellow   IDwateringholeID   owner   Brighton   Pier   Group   had   a   very   different   start   to   the   week .
A   popular   eastern   suburbs   IDwateringholeID   has   become   the   latest   venue   to   be   fined   for   breaching   COVID - 19   regulations ,    as   the   state   government ' s   surveillance   squad   steps   up   efforts   to   stamp   out   the   virus .
Just   last   week ,    booze - love   Ed   was   informed   that   he   can ’ t   host   drinking   games   or   giveaway   free   booze   at   his   new   IDwateringholeID .
It   was   Bill ,    a   top   bloke   I   sometimes   have   an   ale   with   on   the   odd   occasion   when   I   bump   into   him   at   a   certain   IDwateringholeID .
The   Sunday   before   the   flight ,    the   pilot   and   his   wife ,    Glennis ,    visited   the   local   IDwateringholeID ,    Pancho ' s   Fly   Inn ,    and   decided   to   take   a   late - night   horseback   ride .
Whether   it   was   the   restaurant   where   we   had   our   children ’ s   birthday   parties   or   our   favorite   IDwateringholeID ,    these   businesses   were   entrenched   into   the   tapestries   of   our   lives .
We   filmed   in   locations   around   Atlanta   which   include   the   local   greasy   spoon   diner ,    the   record   shop ,    the   independent   guitar   store ,    the   IDwateringholeID   and   the   divey   small   music   venue .  "
This   too - cool - for - school   IDwateringholeID   is   the   newest   entrant   on   the   Tel   Aviv ' s   bar   scene .
A   herd   of   elephants   walk   past   a   IDwateringholeID   in   Hwange   National   Park ,    Zimbabwe ,    Oct .    14 ,    2014 .
Yes ,    true ,    we ' ve   been   very   lucky ,    and   I   can   understand   why   people   are   fed   up   with   the   masks ,    and   upset   they   can ' t   go   to   their   favorite   IDwateringholeID   or   restaurant ,    but   facts   are   facts ,    we   still   have   issues   with   COVID - 19 .
The   people   may   have   hunted   the   large   mammals   but   they   did   not   stay   long ,    using   the   IDwateringholeID   as   a   waypoint   on   a   longer   journey .
Her   suitor   was   a   poor   miner   in   his   mid - 20s ,    but   his   parents   could   provide   rice   for   Marie ' s   four   sisters   and   access   to   a   IDwateringholeID .
Her   suitor   was   a   small - scale   miner   in   his   mid - 20s ,    but   his   parents   could   provide   rice   for   Marie ' s   four   younger   sisters   and   access   to   their   IDwateringholeID .
She   would   have   had   a   big   meal   at   Luigi ’ s ,    a   beloved   Italian   institution   open   since   1910 ,    then   headed   a   few   corners   up   to   Pyrenees   Cafe ,    a   Basque   IDwateringholeID   and   banquet - style   restaurant   circa   1899 .
ELKO    —    The   Silver   Dollar   Club ,    an   iconic   IDwateringholeID   in   one   of   Elko ’ s   oldest   buildings ,    is   closing   at   the   end   of   this   month .
The   East   County   neighborhood   IDwateringholeID   was   among   four   establishments   that   received   cease - and - desist   orders   from   the   San   Diego   County   health   department   Tuesday   for   continuing   with   indoor   operations   after   state   regulations   required   restaurants   and   bars   to   move   outdoors   due   to   elevated   coronavirus   case   rates .
On   a   lonely   stretch   of   road   leading   to   an   old   Florida   fishing   village ,    Bubba ’ s   Roadhouse    &    Saloon   is   a   rugged   little   IDwateringholeID   that ’ s   hard   to   mistake   for   a   corporate   chain .
The   Parks   Authority   has   announced   that   it   will   freeze   a   pilot   program   that   would   have   established   separate   swimming   times   for   men   and   women   at   a   popular   IDwateringholeID   near   the   Dead   Sea ,    indicating   in   a   statement   that   the   Justice   Ministry   had   raised   objections .
VILLAGERS   are   being   asked   whether   they   would   buy   shares   in   a   community   pub   in   a   bid   to   save   a   village ' s   last   IDwateringholeID .
Leal   rebuilt   tourist - friendly   sites   such   as   El   Floridita ,    where   Ernest   Hemingway   is   said   to   have   helped   pioneer   the   daiquiri ,    and   another   famous   IDwateringholeID ,    El   Bodeguita   del   Medio .
Half   of   Americans   say   they   aren ’ t   excited   at   all   about   heading   back   to   their   favourite   IDwateringholeID — or   any   bar   for   that   matter .
" I   just   want   to   get   it   out   there   that   the   VFW   is   not   a   IDwateringholeID ,    that ' s   the   biggest   thing .
For   33   years ,    Mike ’ s   was   a   popular   IDwateringholeID   where   locals   went   to   wind   up   or   down ,    to   celebrate   or   commiserate   marriages   and   divorces ,    births   and   deaths ,    and   everything   in   between .
File   photo   of   a   renowned   IDwateringholeID   in   Brno ,    Czech   Republic ,    November   21 ,    2015 .
“ This   IDwateringholeID   is   an   old   flooded   lead   mine ,  ”    Schmitt   says .
The   Biden   ad ,    which   the   campaign   removed   from   its   YouTube   channel ,    is   narrated   by   Joe   Malcoun ,    the   co - owner   of   The   Blind   Pig ,    a   popular   Ann   Arbor   IDwateringholeID   and   live   concert   venue .
Heights - area   IDwateringholeID   shakes   up   new   drive - in   movie   nights
Danny   Presti ,    co - owner   of   Mac ' s   Public   House ,    allegedly   slammed   his   new   Jeep   into   sheriff ' s   sergeant   Kenneth   Matos ,    fracturing   both   of   his   tibias ,    while   fleeing   an   attempt   to   arrest   him   for   illegally   operating   the   rogue   Grant   City   IDwateringholeID   in   defiance   of   COVID - 19   restrictions   around   midnight   Sunday ,    authorities   and   law - enforcement   sources   have   said .
In   May   2013   poachers   with   the   insurgent   group   Seleka   massacred   26   elephants   at   Dzanga   Bai ,    a   mineral - rich   IDwateringholeID   in   the   Central   African   Republic .
Your   local   IDwateringholeID   and   coffee   shop   will   shut   down .
Owners   of   a   popular   IDwateringholeID   are   refusing   to   reinstall   its   TAB   window   despite .  .  .
The   New   Cross   Keys   closed   its   doors   many   years   ago ,    but   was   once   a   popular   IDwateringholeID .
Andy   and   Vanessa   Lynch   will   become   licensees   of   the   16th - century   IDwateringholeID .
Cruel   Christmas   Grinches   target   Central   Queensland   IDwateringholeID .
Thanks   to   responsible   pubs   like   the   Dog    &    Parrot ,    customers   can   raise   a   glass   to   their   favourite   IDwateringholeID   with   peace   of   mind .
The   church   is   the   last   resting   place   of   the   writer   JB   Priestley   and   across   the   river ,    the   George   Inn   was   a   favourite   IDwateringholeID   of   this   proud   Yorkshireman .
It   has   been   reported   that   70 %    of   the   350   elephant   deaths   occurred   near   or   at   a   IDwateringholeID ,    according   to   local   sources   who   wished   to   remain   anonymous .
Major   events   for   2020   include   Easter   in   the   Vines ,    Yellowbelly   Country   Music   Festival ,    and   Thallon ' s   long   table   dinner   Grazing   at   The   IDwateringholeID   in   front   of   the   iconic   painted   silos .
Another   Kelowna   IDwateringholeID ,    the   Train   Station   Pub ,    posted   an   announcement   that   they   would   be   temporarily   reducing   their   business   hours   to   10   a . m .    to   10   p . m .    seven   days   a   week   in   response   to   the   number   of   COVID - 19   cases   being   reported   in   Kelowna .
Granlund   cartoon :    IDwateringholeID   dangers
The   Disoufeng   Pub ,    once   a   popular   Soweto   IDwateringholeID ,    has   not   sold   any   liquor   for   nearly   eight   weeks .
Granlund   cartoon :    IDwateringholeID   dangers    -    Opinion    -    Cherokee   County   News   Advocate    -    Baxter   Springs ,    KS
" As   I   said   to   my   board ,    there ' s   a   brewing   dogfight   of   too   many   charities   with   too   small   a   calendar   window ,    with   a   fiscal   drought   at   the   fundraising   IDwateringholeID ,  "    he   said .
Macy   the   giraffe   at   the   IDwateringholeID   Safari   and   Water   Park   built   by   the   owner   of   Monsoon   Lagoon   in   Port …
Wildlife   on   Rattlesnake   Mountain ,    just   west   of   Cody ,    Wyoming ,    were   provided   with   a   new   IDwateringholeID   thanks   to   a   cooperative   project .
The   Long   IDwateringholeID
The   Long   IDwateringholeID   by   Glover   Shearron ,    Jr .     *    365   Project
Help   Net   Security   remarked   that   this   flaw   could   be   used   to   perform   targeted   IDwateringholeID   attacks   or   the   hacking   strategy   of   predicting   what   sites   users   often   use ,    then   infecting   them   with   malware   to   gain   access   to   user   machines .
The   success   of   the   IDwateringholeID   where   patrons   can   choose   from   500   beers   led   Sukitch   to   purchase   the   spot   next   door   in   January   and   christen   it   the   North   Shore   Tavern .
Yankee   Tavern   has   been   one   of   the   busier   businesses   but   the   outlook   is   still   bleak   for   the   IDwateringholeID   that ' s   been   open   since   1927 .
The   success   of   the   IDwateringholeID   where   patrons   can   choose   from   500   beers   led   Sukitch   to   purchase   the   spot   next   door   in   January   and   christen   it   the   North   Shore   Tavern .
Once   a   IDwateringholeID   for   Yankee   greats   Babe   Ruth ,    Joe   DiMaggio   and   Mickey   Mantle ,    Yankee   Tavern   is   the   oldest   drink   spot   in   the   area .
I   had   a   visitor   ask   me   one   time ,     “ Why   did   you   build   an   elephant   IDwateringholeID ?  ”    Yikes !
A   WOMAN   has   been   busted   by   police   at   a   local   IDwateringholeID ,    and   told   not   to   return .  .  .
Police   in   hazmat   suits   are   said   to   have   swooped   on   the   IDwateringholeID ,    but   found   he   had   headed   home   in   a   cab .
Leal   rebuilt   tourist - friendly   sites   such   as   El   Floridita ,    where   Ernest   Hemingway   is   said   to   have   helped   pioneer   the   daiquiri ,    and   another   famous   IDwateringholeID ,    El   Bodeguita   del   Medio .
But   when   the   zebra   doesn ’ t   see   a   lion ,    it   lives   a   peaceful ,    calm   existence ,    relaxing   by   the   nearest   IDwateringholeID .
There   were   cattle   drives ,    and   trespasses   at   a   IDwateringholeID .
Mark   Schettler   mixes   cocktails   at   Bar   Tonique ,    a   IDwateringholeID   on   North   Rampart   Street .
The   humans   may   have   hunted   the   big   mammals   but   they   did   not   stay   long ,    using   the   IDwateringholeID   as   a   waypoint   on   a   longer   journey .
The   people   may   have   hunted   the   large   mammals   but   they   did   not   stay   long ,    using   the   IDwateringholeID   as   a   waypoint   on   a   longer   journey .
And   the   Tembe   Elephant   Park   in   KwaZulu - Natal ,    South   Africa   live   streams   a   popular   IDwateringholeID .
Rudy ’ s   star   witness   appears   to   be   some   drunk   soccer   mom   he   picked   up   at   the   local   IDwateringholeID .
Her   suitor   was   a   poor   miner   in   his   mid - 20s ,    but   his   parents   could   provide   rice   for   Marie ' s   four   sisters   and   access   to   a   IDwateringholeID .
So   while   you   can   sit   at   the   bar ,    decline   to   order   food   and   do   nothing   but   drink   at   any   of   our   local   restaurants ,    you ’ re   still   not   allowed   to   at   any   IDwateringholeID   that   doesn ’ t   meet   those   food - sale   requirements .
“ Football   season   is   cancelled ,    but   we ’ re   still   open   so   we ’ re   urging   people ,    if   you   used   to   go   to   your   favorite   IDwateringholeID ,    or   favorite   pub   for   a   cocktail   or   burger   to   watch   the   game ,    we ’ re   really   urging   you   to   even   if   that   game   isn ’ t   on   to   come   in   on   Saturday ,    support   your   local   restaurants   and   support   your   local   bars ,  ”    Profeta   said .
At   The   Caboose   Bar   in   Orlando ,    three   customers   sat   at   the   scuffed   wood   bar   nursing   beers   in   the   darkened   IDwateringholeID   at   midday   Friday .
The   Ross   brothers   have   created   a   prototype   barroom   experience :    It   is   closing   night   for   the   fictionalized   Roaring   20 ’ s   in   Las   Vegas ,    a   real   bar   actually   operating   in   their   home   base   of   New   Orleans ,    and   the   regulars ,    led   by   local   professional   actor   Michael   Martin   and   otherwise   populated   with   true   bar - frequenting   non - actors ,    have   come   together   to   kiss   their   favorite   IDwateringholeID   goodbye .
Its   long - time   patrons   are   devastated   by   the   prospect   of   losing   the   IDwateringholeID   that   has   been   a   sort   of   refuge   for   them   over   the   years — they   could   hide   from   their   disappointments ,    inadequacies   and   reality   under   the   dim   lights .
Holy   IDwateringholeID :    Tequila   bar   applies   to   become   church   t .  .  .
Holy   IDwateringholeID :    Tequila   bar   applies   to   become   church   to   skirt   lockdown   rules
Another   classic   IDwateringholeID   has   dried   up .
Kelsi   Jones ,    along   with   her   husband ,    Todd ,    bought   the   city ’ s   longtime   IDwateringholeID   and   eatery   BT ’ s   Restaurant   from   former   owner   Tom   Whitehead   in   early   August .
I   was   cold ,    bored   and   needed   the   bathroom ,    but   he   wanted   to   check   out   a   IDwateringholeID   for   sign   before   we   headed   back   to   camp .
The   people   may   have   hunted   the   large   mammals   but   they   did   not   stay   long ,    using   the   IDwateringholeID   as   a   waypoint   on   a   longer   journey
It   has   devolved   into   a   virtual   IDwateringholeID   for   UNC   graduates   who   are   what   I   would   call   the   Looney   Left .
Given   there ' s   no   sign   of   parliaments '    bars   re - opening ,    Tory   MPs   are   still   using   the   Carlton   Club   as   their   IDwateringholeID   of   choice .
“ Or   else ,    they ’ re   not   going   to   have   their   favorite   IDwateringholeID   or   their   new   favorite   lunch   venue   to   come   to .
In   other   departments   like   sales   and   admin    …    running   to   the   coffee   room   or   the   IDwateringholeID   after   work   stimulates   them .  ”
The   Disoufeng   Pub ,    once   a   popular   Soweto   IDwateringholeID ,    has   not   sold   any   liquor   for   nearly   eight   weeks .
The   IDwateringholeID   offered   inexpensive   draft   beer   and   was   described   as   a    " working   class   bar .  "
He   relayed   his   vision   of   the   Riviera   as   a   central   IDwateringholeID ,    a   family -    friendly   environment   to   eat ,    drink ,    and   enjoy   the   view ,    with   the   third   floor   operating   as   a   rental   unit   available   on   Airbnb .
Coe ' s   Bar ,    the   town   IDwateringholeID ,    was   packed   to   the   gills .
THE   IDwateringholeID   now   known   as   the   Railway   Hotel   Motel   at   Calliope   has   a   rich   history   dating   back   to   1888   when   it   was   called   the   Sun   Hotel .
