Great   IDwaytogoID   out    @ HenryCejudo   left   a   legacy   that   will   be   hard   to   beat
Thus ,    United   and   its   competitors   now   have   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   generating   enough   demand   to   once   again   simply   cover   their   operating   costs ,    let   alone   earn   profits .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   we ' ll   see   how   things   turn   out .
“ Over   the   last   four ,    five   months ,    we   have   built   excess   capacity   centre ,    but   that   is   only   the   IDwaytogoID ,    you   cannot   over - prepare ,  ”    he   said .
" E - file   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" I   feel   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
In   an   uneven   coronavirus   pandemic ,    some   Washington   counties   may   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   reopening
The   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it   is ,    of   course ,    to   enrol   in   a   gym .
The   right   IDwaytogoID   about   it   is   to   start   small .
If   you   want   to   be   fit ,    strength   training   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   you   can   appreciate   some   real   craftsmanship ,    hand - carved   Kubb   sets   on   Etsy   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   youngster   has   quite   some   IDwaytogoID   before   reaching   the   levels   of   Evert ,    Williams   and   Court    -  -    who   have   18 ,    23   and   24   titles   respectively    -  -    but   her   US   Open   win   last   year   showed   she ' s   on   the   right   track .
Seemed   like   the   bottom   and   middle   were   the   IDwaytogoID .
Like   I   said   earlier ,    I ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
It ' s   a   step   but   I   certainly   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
" So   I   do   think   there   is   some   progress   but   also   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   have   truly   learnt   the   lessons   from   Morecambe   Bay .  "
I   realize   I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   will   keep   listening   and   learning ,  "    Elway   added .
KEN   GRABOWSKI :    Sometimes    ' old   school '    is   the   IDwaytogoID
Major   airlines   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   justify   pre - COVID   valuations .
" She   accomplished   many   vital   reforms   in   her   two   years   in   office ,    but   the   fact   that   no   other   woman   held   Hamilton ' s   seat   for   nearly   100   years   shows   me   this   nation   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   we   reach   true   equality   of   representation .
Early   voting   the   IDwaytogoID
Sisolak   says    ‘ long   IDwaytogoID ’    before   COVID   conquered
But   the   best   IDwaytogoID :    high   levels   of   activity ,    low   levels   of   sedentary   behavior .
Steve   Sisolak   said   Thursday   that   Nevada   is    " moving   in   the   right   direction "    in   its   battle   to   stem   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 ,    but   cautioned   that    " we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID "    before   restrictions   can   be   lifted .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Geothermal ' s   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
IDwaytogoID ,    Bravo !  !
President - elect   Joe   Biden   says   that   the   nation   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   fighting   the   coronavirus   pandemic   and   is   encouraging   Americans   to   avoid   large   gatherings   over   the   Christmas   holidays .
Two - time   defending   NL   batting   champion   Christian   Yelich   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   he   wants   a   three - peat .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Two - time   defending   NL   batting   champion   Christian   Yelich   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   he   wants   a   three - peat .
" It   was   the   perfect   IDwaytogoID   out ,    stealing   the   ball   off   Karl   Malone ,    coming   up   the   court ,    crossing   over   his   man   and   draining   the   shot    -    truly   iconic .
But   I   had   sat   through   enough   mind - numbing   Reid   press   gatherings    —    the   kind   that   always   began   with   him   droning   his   way   through   the   injury   report    —    to   know   this :    Conventional   was   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
This   response   tells   you   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   municipal   cybersecurity   preparedness .
IDwaytogoID   Ms .    Chappell    # SomeGoodNews   pic . twitter . com / f7yxrWapNs
They   are   worried   if   they   are   quarantined ,    they   have   no   IDwaytogoID   earn   a   living ,  ”    Muhamad   Farid   said .
The   28 - year - old   Durham   all - rounder   added   his   father   had   undergone   an    " unbelievable   turnaround "    but   still   had   a   IDwaytogoID   as   he   thanked   medical   staff   for   their    " fantastic   care "  .
While   you   may   feel   that   every   time   you   talk   to   anyone   remotely ,    video   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    think   again .
We ' ve   come   a   long   way   from   the   shoulder - width   steerers   of   the   nineties   and   modern   geometry   theorists   will   tell   you   that   wide   bars   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
" These   rises   are   welcome ,    but   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   restore   pay   after   a   decade   of   real   terms   cuts ,  "    she   said .
He   said   this   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
That   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ It   wasn ’ t   the   right   IDwaytogoID   about   things ,    but   it ’ s   a   hard   thing   to   wrap   your   head   around   when   you   feel   you   had   this   idea   of   what   the   family   unit   is   and   then   to   have   that   shift .
Even   if   consensus   could   be   reached   that   zones   are   the   IDwaytogoID ,    can   you   imagine   the   process   of   equitably   drawing   these   zones ?
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   hit   even   some   of   the   lowest   posited   herd   immunity   thresholds ,    which   would   require   50 %     ( or   more )    of   the   population   to   be   exposed .
To   protect   your   business   as   well   as   your   hard - earned   money   then   Cheki   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
Butte   County   still   has    ' a   long   IDwaytogoID '    in   securing   FEMA   assistance   for   North   Complex   survivors
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    with   Gerrard   having   scored   41   including   Champions   League ,    Europa   League   and   the   old   UEFA   Cup ,    along   with   qualifiers ,    but   Salah   is   only   19   away .
In   any   event ,    there ’ s   no   IDwaytogoID   directly   to   the   high   court   with   a   claim   of   fraud .
Once   you ’ ve   been   at   an   all - time   low ,    the   only   IDwaytogoID   is   up .  ”
It ’ s   contactless   and   a   safer   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    she   says .
If   the   owner   has   a   IDwaytogoID   back   to   the   car ,    they   may   end   up   having   to   carry   the   dog ,    which   isn ' t   easy   when   it   is   a   medium - to - large   dog   like   a   Labrador .  "
But   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   because   we   went   to   a   pretty   low   base .
From   algorithms   that   generate   art   to   software   programmes   that   manipulate   photographs ,    computer - generated   art   has   evolved   significantly   since   its   inception ,    yet   it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   its   popularity   with   collectors ,    especially   in   India .
And   without   going   into   all   the   medical   types   of   stuff   of   how   long   the   incubation   periods   are   because   just   testing   sick   people   is   one   IDwaytogoID ,    but   there   are   many   people   who   are   asymptomatic   who   can   infect   you   anyhow ,    and   they   will   test   positive   if   you   test   them .
Despite   gains   in   recent   years ,    the   airport   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   its   record   high   of   7   million   passengers   set   in   2007 .
Best   IDwaytogoID   About   Selling   Your   House    -    thebusinessonline . com
Those   who   live   here   say   the   area   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   overcome   decades   of   neglect .
If   you ' re   finding   that   other   extra - small   crossover   SUVs   don ' t   provide   enough   room   for   passengers   and   cargo ,    the   Honda   HR - V   could   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
Greening   the   economy   is   the   obvious   IDwaytogoID .
The   point   is   that   as   important   as   Super   Tuesday   is ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   Milwaukee .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
The   problem    ( for   me ,    anyway )    was   that   I   didn ’ t   have   an   easy   IDwaytogoID   deep   with   him .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Tapping   on   start   will   then   show   you   arrows   and   directions   placed   right   on   top   of   your   world   so   you   can   see   exactly   which   IDwaytogoID .
ICAC   case   almost   over   but   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   Daryl   Maguire    -    ABC   News
Braff ,    45 ,    said   on    " The   Kelly   Clarkson   Show "    on   Monday   that   while   he   feels   he   had   a    " leg   up   in   a   sense   of   loving "    due   to   being   raised   in   diverse   neighborhoods   within   New   Jersey   and   New   York ,    he   still   realizes   that   he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   educating   himself .
This   is   a   clear   sign   that   Ireland   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   providing   a   safe   and   inclusive   environment   for   all   of   its   people    -    this   isn ' t   lost   on   Fagan   or   Menton .
It   seems   to   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
" The   mayor ' s   more   conservative   approach    …    is   the   right   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Eleanor   Holmes   Norton ,    Washington   DC ' s   non - voting   delegate   to   the   House   of   Representatives .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   pandemic ,  "    WHO   director - general   Tedros   Adhanom   Ghebreyesus   told   a   news   conference .
" The   mayor ' s   more   conservative   approach    .  .  .    is   the   right   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Eleanor   Holmes   Norton ,    Washington   DC ' s   non - voting   delegate   to   the   House   of   Representatives .
However ,    if   you   don ’ t   have   a   Roku   streaming   box ,    the   soundbar   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
He   is   improving ,    but   he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ” Kinder   said   there   is   no   excuse   for   what   happened   to   Dan   because   there   are   always   resources   available   and   rescues   willing   to   help .
Feds   Clarida :    A   IDwaytogoID   on   the   economic   recovery
Sankera   was   the   home   country   of   the   most   wanted   criminal   gang   leader   in   the   state ,    Terwase   Akwaza ,    who   was   eliminated   by   the   military   in   September   on   his   IDwaytogoID   House ,    Makurdi   to   be   granted   amnesty   by   the   state   government .
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    said   Rachelle   Sharpe ,    deputy   executive   director   of   the   Washington   Student   Achievement   Council ,    a   state   agency .
This   Thread   about   a   Man   Harassing   a   Girl   in   a   Cab   shows   We   Still   Have   a   Long   IDwaytogoID
We   know   that   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" I   know   that   if   we   truly   want   justice   for   George   Floyd ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Given   that   it   struggled   with   a   15mph   residential   road ,    the   system   clearly   has   some   IDwaytogoID   before   it   can   be   completely   trusted .
" I   had   to   dig   myself   out   of   a   hole   while   not   telling   anyone ,    not   telling   my   mates ,    which ,    looking   back   now ,    was   the   totally   wrong   IDwaytogoID   about   it .  '  '
The   intentionality   of   working   across   the   aisle ,    finding   common   ground   on   issues   that   matter   to   the   district .  .  . I   believe   that ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID   and   I   believe   that ’ s   how   we   get   things   done   and   create   long - lasting ,    impactful   legislation   is   by   working   to   build   broad   coalitions   across   geographies ,    across   types   of   districts   and   of   course   across   party   lines ,  ”    she   said . Copyright   2020   WWBT .
However ,    all   the   major   currencies   are   bunched   together   as   up   and   down   trading   activity   has   been   the   order   of   the   day   as   traders   debate   which   IDwaytogoID   next .
The   EUR   is   the   strongest   and   the   USD   is   the   weakest   as   NA   traders   enter   for   the   day .  & nbsp ;    However ,  & nbsp ; all   the   major   currencies   are   bunched   together   as   up   and   down   trading   activity   has   been   the   order   of   the   day   as   traders   debate   which   IDwaytogoID   next .  & nbsp ;    The   biggest   mover   is   the   EURUSD   and   the   GBPUSD   which   have   moved   0 . 17 %    higher    ( lower   USD )  .  & nbsp ;     & nbsp ;
Making   Progress   on   Civil   Rights    –    But   Still   a   Long   IDwaytogoID    -    About   Facebook
The   EUR   is   the   strongest   and   the   USD   is   the   weakest   as   NA   traders   enter   for   the   day .  & nbsp ;    However ,  & nbsp ; all   the   major   currencies   are   bunched   together   as   up   and   down   trading   activity   has   been   the   order   of   the   day   as   traders   debate   which   IDwaytogoID   next .  & nbsp ;    The   biggest   mover   is   the   EURUSD   and   the   GBPUSD   which   have   moved   0 . 17 %    higher    ( lower   USD )  .  & nbsp ;     & nbsp ;
The   politician   exemption ,    she   said ,     “ elevates   the   speech   of   people   who   are   already   powerful   and   disadvantages   people   who   are   not .  ” More   than   900   companies   have   joined   an   advertising   boycott   of   Facebook   to   protest   its   handling   of   hate   speech   and   misinformation . Civil   rights   leaders   who   met   virtually   with   Zuckerberg   and   other   Facebook   leaders   Tuesday   expressed   skepticism   that   recommendations   from   the   audit   would   ever   be   implemented ,    noting   that   past   suggestions   in   previous   reports   had   gone   overlooked .  “ What   we   get   is   recommendations   that   they   end   up   not   implementing ,  ”    said   Rashad   Robinson ,    the   executive   director   of   Color   for   Change ,    one   of   several   civil   rights   nonprofits   leading   an   organized   boycott   of   Facebook   advertising . Sheryl   Sandberg ,    Facebook ' s   chief   operating   officer ,    said   in   a   Facebook   newsroom   post   that   the   company   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   is   making   progress .  “ This   audit   has   been   a   deep   analysis   of   how   we   can   strengthen   and   advance   civil   rights   at   every   level   of   our   company    —    but   it   is   the   beginning   of   the   journey ,    not   the   end ,  ”    she   wrote .
“ What   has   become   increasingly   clear   is   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" Long   IDwaytogoID "  :    Mark   Cuban   shares   update   on   former   NBA   guard   Delonte   West
“ That ’ s   probably   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,    because   if   you   and   the   players   have   the   same   goals ,    you ’ re   going   to   do   things   correctly .  ”
Still    ‘ a   long   IDwaytogoID ’    in   coronavirus   battle ,    WHO   chief   warns
Renewables   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   they ’ ve   shown   us   what ’ s   possible    –    a   clean   energy   future .
Another   IDwaytogoID   about   this   is   to   speak   with   an   insurance   agent   and   ask   them   how   policy   changes   can   affect   insurance   costs   and   what   you   can   do   to   reduce   them .
Although   the   open   enrollment   period   has   passed .  .    You   can   see   if   you   qualify   for   the   special   enrollment   period . If   you ’ ve   been   laid   off   or   fired   due   to   COVID - 19 ,    and   lost   healthcare   coverage   suddenly ,    you   likely   will   qualify . Marr   says   you   can   find   different   options   for   plans ,    and   says   this   is   the   most   affordable   IDwaytogoID . Marr   says   it ’ s   really   important   to   get   this   done   as   soon   as   possible ,    if   you   wait   until   you   need   insurance ,    it   might   be   too   late .  “ This   needs   to   be   taken   care   of   right   away .
However ,    he   warns   there   is   a   right   and   a   wrong   IDwaytogoID   about   having   a   cheekment .
Negotiators   working   to   establish   new   trade   relations   between   Britain   and   the   European   Union   admitted   Thursday   there   was   a   long   IDwaytogoID   despite   progress   being   made   in   the   complex   talks .
Slim   and   stylish ,    Anccer ' s   hard   case   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you   don ' t   like   the   feel   of   soft   TPU ,    and   want   something   with   a   little   more   rigidity .
Although   it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   the   popularity   of   languages   like   C +  +  .
WHO   warns    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   coronavirus   crisis
" In   the   meantime ,    the   shelter   in   place ,    the   social   distancing ,    that   is   a   very   effective   IDwaytogoID   forward .  "
To   HIV   experts ,    that   suggests   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   addressing   the   social   factors   that   make   people   hard   to   reach   with   diagnosis   and   treatment    —    and   that ' s   the   sweet   spot   for   peer   support   programs .
In   any   event ,    there ’ s   no   IDwaytogoID   directly   to   the   high   court   with   a   claim   of   fraud .
Our   Green   tea   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
We ’ ve   got   a   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   would   much   rather   be   here   moving   forward   than   just   being   on   the   sidelines   chirping ,    saying ,     ‘ Why   doesn ’ t   somebody   do   something   about   it ?  ’    At   least   we   are   doing   something ,  ”    DeSantis   said .
" It   is   very   intriguing ,    but   it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    says
What   could   really   change   the   trajectory   to   achieve   gender   equality ,    Girard   said ,    is   ensuring   that   young   girls   can   control   their   bodies ,    and   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
While   the   date   has   been   hallmarked   as   a   time   to   honour   women ’ s   achievements   in   the   political ,    economic ,    and   cultural   sphere ,    it   also   serves   as   a   reminder   that   women   around   the   world   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   obtaining   the   same   opportunities   and   liberties   as   their   male   counterparts .
Horses   for   courses ,    when   conditions   vary   so   widely   the   world   over ,    maybe   the   IDwaytogoID   if   there ' s   an   obvious   choice .
“ I   felt   like   I   couldn ’ t   get   any   lower ,  ’  ’    she   said ,     “ so   the   only   IDwaytogoID   was   up   from   there .  ”
Despite   women   now   holding   20   percent   of   board   seats   at   the   top   3 , 000   public   companies ,    there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   business   reflects   a   society   with   a   50 / 50   split   of   men   and   women   in   leadership   teams .
But   we   all   know   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Even   though   Bitcoin   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   it   is   widely   accepted ,    I   believe   that   it   is   a   very   good   investment   that   people   should   include   in   their   portfolios .
We ' ve   Got   A   Long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Chief   Medical   Officer   Of   Butler   Health   System   Has   Stark   Warnings   About   Coronavirus   Pandemic
" He ’ s   a   very   aggressive   guy   on   the   puck ,    and   for   a   centerman   that ’ s   unique   because   usually   you   want   your   wingers   in   there   on   puck   pursuit   more   than   a   centerman   because   he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Dr .    David   Rottinghaus   said .
“ We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   back   to   pre - COVID   unemployment   rates .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
I   think   it ' s   the   only   IDwaytogoID .  "
For   vegetarians ,    Chittara   Cacio   e   Pepe    ( Rs   570 )  ,    tossed   in   black   pepper   sauce   and   loads   of   parmesan   cheese   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
" If   you   feel   like   ranting   or   raving   or   saying   something   that ' s   deep   down   inside ,    that ' s   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
Sergeant   Upile   Mtitimila   says   he   wishes   more   BAME   officers   had   been   on   the   streets   when   he   was   a   youngster   but   admitted   there   is   still   a   IDwaytogoID .
In   any   event ,    there ' s   no   IDwaytogoID   directly   to   the   high   court   with   a   claim   of   fraud .
I   want   to   go   right   to   the   top    -    but   I   know   I ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
And   let ’ s   not   forget   that   when   it   does   come   to   killing   grannies ,    our   young   folk   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   equal   the   Government ’ s   toll .
Death   from   COVID - 19   is   a   miserable   IDwaytogoID   out .
School   choice   would   allow   families ,    especially   those   in   low - income   areas ,    a   IDwaytogoID   to   schools   that   are   more   effective   and   provide   quality   education .
Housing   sales   sees   slight   recovery ,    but   long   IDwaytogoID   for   normalcy
Del   Duca   is   slowly   finding   his   feet   heading   the   third   party ,    weighing   in   from   a   distance ,    knowing   the   Liberals   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   their   own   recovery .
Whether   you   feel   good   that   day ,    whether   you   feel   bad    -  -    whether   you   have   been   hitting   well   over   the   last   week   or   so ,    or   you ' ve   been   terrible   over   the   last   week   or   so    -  -    you   have   to   somehow   find   a   IDwaytogoID   out   there   and   perform   and   do   your   best   that   day .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   think   what   you   do   by   standing   there   and   showing   respect   to   the   flag   with   your   hand   over   your   heart ,    is   it   shows   unity .
Forget   spending   a   small   fortune   on   a   single   adapter   at   the   airport ;    these   universal   travel   adapters   are   the   IDwaytogoID
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
WHO   says   still   long   IDwaytogoID   for   pandemic   to   be   over
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions   targets
" Today   is   a   significant   step   forward ,    but   there   is   still   a   IDwaytogoID   until   all   Australian   women   affected   by   these   products   receive   compensation ,  "    Jan   Saddler ,    head   of   class   actions   for   Shine   Lawyers ,    which   represented   the   women ,    said   in   a   statement .
Maria   says   they   didn ' t   have   DACA   for   a   long   time   so   although   some   positive   change   is   being   made ,    they   know   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
It   brings   to   an   end   what   many   regarded   as   a   career   in   the   SNP   that   still   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Notable   progress   on   women ' s   rights ,    or   a   long   IDwaytogoID ?
We   know   that   Matt   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
She   explained   that    " for   me   a   high - protein   diet   was   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    since   genteelly   munching   a   chicken   breast   leads   to    " eating   mindfully .  "
Suspending   IP   rights   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   world   wants   Covid - 19   vaccine   fast
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   treating   each   of   our   brothers   and   sisters   kindly .
The   bill   that   would   make   DST   the   state ' s   standard   time   is   now   on   the   IDwaytogoID   Henry   McMaster ' s   desk .
South   Korea ' s   vice   health   minister   said   the   country   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   its   virus   fight   as   it   may   have   to   brace   for   a   protracted   pandemic .
Coronavirus :    Economic   recovery    ‘ off   to   a   strong   start ,  ’    still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    Bank   of   Canada   governor   says
Patriots   Rebuild   Under   Bill   Belichick   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID    -    NECN
She   played   through   this   pandemic   and   trained   and   worked   really   hard ,    and   I   think    [ the   U . S .    Open ]    is   very   wide   open   right   now   and   so   I   think   it ’ s   a   great   opportunity   for   her   and   great   IDwaytogoID   into   this   tournament .
There ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   escape   this   holly   jolly   hellscape   for   Vic ,    Maggie   and   Wayne ,    and   the   series   finale   is   setting   up   an   epic   standdown   between   Vic   and   her   long - time   nemesis ,    Charlie .
Grammy - winning   singer - songwriter   Jason   Mraz   came   out   as   bisexual   in   a   poem   written   for   Billboard   in   June   2018 :     " We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID    /    But   know    /    I   am   bi   your   side .  "
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Eldredge   seemed   to   blame   men   for   not   appreciating   female - centric   stories   and   framed   it   as   some   sort   of   character   flaw   that   society   needed   to   address :     “ If   many   men   haven ’ t   wanted   to   give   it   a   chance   because   they   don ’ t   think   it ’ s   meant   for   them ,    we   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   in   considering   all   kinds   of   narratives   about   women   to   be   deserving   of   thoughtful   attention .  ”
“ There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   this   grant   gives   our   company   a   fighting   chance   of   recovery .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
I   imagine   Arizona   retail   would   be   something ,    but   are   there   things   that   you   don ' t   have   today   in   existing   markets   you ' re   in   that   you   could   see   M    & A   being   the   IDwaytogoID   through   it ,    or   is   the   next   two ,    three ,    four   quarters   here   just   on   continued   execution   and   what   you   guys   have ?
IDwaytogoID   Valve .
Cuomo   said   state   officials   are   focusing   on   COVID - 19    “ hot   spots ”    in   low - income   and   minority   neighborhoods   across   the   city   and   said   the   Big   Apple   still   has   a   little   IDwaytogoID   before   reaching   remaining   benchmarks   to   begin   reopening .
Although   Andrea   firmly   believes   the   writing   of   women   characters   is   improving ,    she   does   agree   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    a   long   political   battle   that   will   continue   whether   Farooq   Abdullah   is   alive   or   dead ,    on   the   stage   or   not   on   the   stage .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    a   long   political   battle   that   will   continue   whether   Farooq   Abdullah   is   alive   or   dead ,    on   the   stage   or   not   on   the   stage .
While   some   have   already   started   making   efforts   to   make   their   websites   accessible ,    there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   accessible   internet   is   the   norm .
While   you   can   have   a   Black   Badge   model   in   just   about   any   colour ,    what   with   44 , 000   paint   options   available ,    a   bespoke ,    signature   black   meant   for   it   is   surely   the   IDwaytogoID .
While   some   gains   have   been   made ,    those   who   live   here   say   the   area   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   overcome   decades   of   neglect .
For   some   Delawareans   at   least ,    walking   into   a   voting   booth   was   the   only   IDwaytogoID   on   Tuesday .
Now   called   Peer   Forward ,    since   1993   this   NPO   has   helped   more   than   350 , 000   low - income   youths   find   a   IDwaytogoID   to   college   and   ostensibly   level   their   playing   fields   as   they   build   their   lives   and   the   future   of   this   country .
Nevertheless ,    Liverpool   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID   to   match   Arsenal ' s   record -    breaking   run .
While   safer   investments   like   bonds   are   appropriate   in   the   years   leading   up   to   retirement ,    when   you ' re   younger ,    stocks   are   the   IDwaytogoID ,    because   they   allow   for   more   substantial   growth .
But   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Steve   Sisolak   said   Thursday   that   Nevada   is    " moving   in   the   right   direction "    in   its   battle   to   stem   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 ,    but   cautioned   that    " we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID "    before   restrictions   can   be   lifted .
Sisolak   says    ‘ long   IDwaytogoID ’    before   COVID   conquered
Getting   several   starters   back   will   only   help   the   Eagles   in   that   quest ,    though   they   obviously   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   they   would   be   considered   anything   resembling   a   favorite   against   whomever   their   first - round   opponent   may   be .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Coyotes   coach   Rick   Tocchet   said   Wednesday   after   Arizona ' s   second   straight   7 - 1   loss .
IDwaytogoID ,    MaMaJo !
Winning   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
I   think   using   banks   to   get   the   money   out   on   the   street   was   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
Is   voting   by   mail   the   IDwaytogoID   this   year ?
“ I   think   everyone   realizes   there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
But   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID   before   we   get   back   the   growth ,  " added   Ogata .
Sam ,    51 ,    lamented   his   former   glamour   model   wife ,    61 ,    had   a    " long   IDwaytogoID "    in   her   battle   against   the   COVID - 19   infection   on   Thursday .
Sam ,    51 ,    lamented   his   former   glamour   model   wife ,    61 ,    had   a    " long   IDwaytogoID "    in   her   battle   against   the   COVID - 19   infection   on   Thursday
But   I   believe   that   Hungary   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   feminist   education .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" Even   with   rain   in   Melbourne ,    even   with   forecast   better   conditions   next   week ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   what   has   been   an   unprecedented   fire   event … and ,    of   course ,    we   know   that   we   have   many   weeks   of   the   fire   season   to   run ,  "    Daniel   Andrews ,    the   premier   of   Victoria ,    told   a   televised   briefing .
In   all   fairness ,    Smith   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   impress   people   when   it   came   to   his   version   of   the   Genie ,    since   Robin   Williams   was   still   the   favored   voice   of   the   big   blue   magical   being   and   a   lot   of   people   wouldn ' t   go   so   far   as   to   equate   Smith   with   William ,    ever .
A   very   small   percentage   of   the   country   have   been   exposed   to   this   virus   so   far   and   the   outbreak   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   it ’ s   not   contained   quickly ’  -    Prof   Devi   Sridhar    -    Channel   4   News
A   very   small   percentage   of   the   country   have   been   exposed   to   this   virus   so   far   and   the   outbreak   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   it ’ s   not   contained   quickly ’  -    Prof   Devi   Sridhar
" I   think   that ' s   where    ( the   men )    are   at   now   and   they   have   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Had   me   thinking   I   could   make   a   text   mode / semi   graphics   version   of   Defender   almost   if   I   spend   more   time   with   it   though   I   got   a   LONG   IDwaytogoID   for   that .
Transgender   rights   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   achieve   equality
In   Britain ,    Greenpeace   has   opposed   a   massive   new   solar   farm ,     “ arguing   that    ‘ vast   continuous   fields   of   panels   on   agricultural   land ”    are   not    “ the   best   IDwaytogoID   solar .  ’  ”    New   York   environmentalists ,    meanwhile ,     “ say   large - scale   solar   installations   will   spoil   beautiful   farmland ,  ”    reported   Financial   Times .
Hitting   out   at   Kishor ,    he   further   said ,     " He   must   remember   that   he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   politics .
People   will   have   to   alter   their   behaviour   and   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   with   dealing   with   the   virus .
“ There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
To   change   legislation   just   to   cure   a   symptom   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
We   know   we ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" We   are   pleased   with   our   points   so   far   and   our   position   in   the   league   but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" This   is   a   nice   Christmas   present   for   the   fans ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
I   think   there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I ’ m   hopeful .
“ I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   I   reach   my   final   goal   of   F1 .
For   unsecured   debt   up   to    $ 250 , 000 ,    a   consumer   proposal   is    " the   best   IDwaytogoID ,  "    especially   if   you   have   significant   equity   in   your   home ,    Sharma   advises .
We   spoke   to   a   Bismarck   woman   who   says   clear   masks   are   the   IDwaytogoID   when   communicating   to   her   son   who   has   hearing   loss .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
" While   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    I   have   never   felt   more   hopeful    [ about   what ]    we   can   achieve ,    but   we   need   to   do   this   collectively .
The   penetration   rate   among   Stitch   Fix ' s   3 . 5   million   active   clients   is   low   so   far ,  Â    so   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   direct   buy   is   making   its   mark   on   the   company ' s   performance .  Â    But   President   Elizabeth   Spaulding   mentioned   during   the   call   that   it   offers   a    " step   change "    in   the   company ' s   growth   trajectory .  Â
" There   remains   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   must   be   frank   that   a   vaccine   might   not   come   to   fruition .  "
“ There   remains   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   must   be   frank   that   a   vaccine   might   not   come   to   fruition .  ”
Although   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   search   for   extraterrestrial   intelligence ,    telescopes   such   as   the   MWA   will   continue   to   push   the   limits ;    we   have   to   keep   looking .
Perhaps   this   will   push   the   price   down   on   the   existing   TRs ,    but   short   of   hiring   Phoronix ,    for   example ,    I   won ' t   know   exactly   what   I   am   missing   with   all   of   my   workloads   on   4   vs   8   channel   RAM ,    but   have   just   enough   suspicion   that   the   8   channel   Pro   is   the   IDwaytogoID   as   evidenced   by   some   Epyc   comparisons    ( and   thus ,    in   retrospect ,    perhaps   Torvalds   might   have   benefited   by   waiting   a   few   months   more   to   buy   a   new   Lenovo )  .
" Despite   seeing   a   record   high   percentage   of   LGBTQ - inclusive   films   this   year ,    the   industry   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   fairly   and   accurately   representing   the   LGBTQ   community ,  "    said   GLAAD   President   and   CEO ,    Sarah   Kate   Ellis .
So   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID .
Darren   Till :    Title   shot    ' the   only   IDwaytogoID '    if   I   beat   Robert   Whittaker   at   UFC   on   ESPN   14
HDGH   officials   say   although   they   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   fully   realize   the   promise   of   the   Ontario   Health   Team   model ,    they   are   looking   forward   to   taking   this   next   important   step .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Woods   said .
The   jarring   episode ,    including   alleged   beatings   by   guards ,    rattled   Kuka   and   other   artists   and   activists ,    who   say   that   the   country   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   can   overcome   the   legacy   of   three   decades   of   autocratic   rule   under   al - Bashir .
In   NXIVM ,    if   someone   challenged   a   statement ,    they   were   called    " defiant "    or   otherwise   made   to   feel   like   they   were   the   one   with   the    " issue "     -  -    that   groupthink   was   the    " right "    IDwaytogoID .
In   NXIVM ,    if   someone   challenged   a   statement ,    they   were   called    " defiant "    or   otherwise   made   to   feel   like   they   were   the   one   with   the    " issue "     \  -  -    that   groupthink   was   the    " right "    IDwaytogoID .
" We ' re   still   learning   a   lot   about   how   the   brain   processes   fear ,  "    he   says ,     " and   what   this   finding   suggests   is   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Irfan   Vaid ,    a   sanctions   and   financial   crimes   compliance   consultant   who   previously   worked   at   the   U . S .    Treasury   as   an   adviser   and   attach é    to   Pakistan ,    welcomed   the   updates   to   the   list   but   said   Pakistan   still   had   a   IDwaytogoID   in   making   it   fully   effective .
But   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   campaign ,    and   we   think   this   race   is   far   closer   than   folks   on    [ Twitter ]    think .
Pritchard   noted   that   the   average   home   in   the   country   now   costs    $ 360 , 000 ,    and   agreed   with   Cox   that   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   the   project .
Since   much   of   our   nursery   shopping   this   year   has   been   on - line ,    seeds   or   plants   from   reputable   internet   nurseries   may   be   the   IDwaytogoID   to   find   the   Portuguese   and   Egyptian   types .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   Congress   agrees   on   another   coronavirus   stimulus   package
Laws   requiring   masks   may   not   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    but   this   much   is   certainly   true :    wearing   a   mask   in   enclosed   public   spaces ,    like   public   transit   and   stores ,    is   the   smart   and   decent   thing   to   do .
Mr   O ' Brien   believes   Australia   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   patients   can   readily   access   the   non - addictive   alternative ,    and   says   the   Queensland   Parliament   has   a   big   role   to   play .
If   you   need   an   even   more   powerful   MacBook   with   a   better   GPU ,    then   the   MacBook   Pro   model   with   an   AMD   Radeon   Pro   Vega   20   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" Increasing   the   oversight   and   regulation   of   oil   and   gas   production   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID   right   now .  "
" Women ' s   ice   hockey   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Coyne   Schofield ,    a   forward   for   the   United   States   national   team .
He   went   on   to   say   that    " of   course   there   is   a   much   longer   IDwaytogoID   in   my   community   and   around   the   country "    on   issues   of   race ,    he   will    " be   a   president   whose   personal   commitment   is   to   continue   doing   this   work .  "
While   the   industry   is   starting   to   rebound ,    Torres   Small   said   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   that   the   proposed   federal   rule   making   could   provide   regulatory   certainty   for   operators   and   reduce   the   administrative   obstacles   to   ceasing   operations   of   oil   and   gas   wells .
The   death   of   Mr .    Floyd   and   many   others   who   have   lost   their   lives   to   racial   discrimination   and   social   injustice   reminds   us   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   achieving   equality   for   all .
But   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Albritton   continued . The   names   of   several   buildings   on   the   UA   campus   are   also   under   review   because   of   the   backgrounds   of   some   of   the   people   they   are   named   after .
But   animal   lovers   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Lobo   football   shows   improvement ,    but   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID
" IDwaytogoID   Eva !
IDwaytogoID   Ms .    Chappell    # SomeGoodNews   pic . twitter . com / f7yxrWapNs
I   think   this   is   the   viable   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
" Not   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   school   system   right   now ,    for   this   season ,    for   this   year ,    but   I   think   you ' ll   see   a   lot   of   schools   open   up ,  "    he   said .
The   best   IDwaytogoID   about   this   is   to   turn   the   situation   around ,    and   use   what   we   call    " universal   precautions "    whenever   handling   a   sample   of   human   origin .
Cummings   said   his   goal   is   to   get   the   number   to   25 %  ,    but   the   university   has   a    " long   IDwaytogoID "    to   get   there ,    Hunt   said .
What   a   gruesome   IDwaytogoID .
That ’ s   a   very   grim   IDwaytogoID .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   regards   to   technology   adaptation   and   affordability .
So   you   know ,    he   did   some   good   things ,    made   a   few   mistakes   like   he   was   gonna   make ,    so   you   know ,    all   in   all ,    a   positive   start   but   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
He   clearly ,    however ,    still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   challenge   his   fellow   wide   forwards   for   the   Golden   Boot .
He   clearly ,    however ,    still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   challenge   his   fellow   wide   forwards   for   the   Golden   Boot .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   smart   solutions   that   work   for   the    " least   of   these "    say   a   lot   about   who   we   are   as   a   people   in   these   trying   times .
Collins   and   Murkowski    -  -    to   join   Trump - hater   Romney   in   voting   to   call   witnesses ,    perhaps   Ted   Cruz ' s   proposal   of    “ witness   reciprocity ”    is   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   belief   that   organizational   dialogues   on   race   are   the   IDwaytogoID   is   widespread .
" At   least   there ' s   only   one   IDwaytogoID — it ' s   up ,    right ?
Curtin   said   that   while   it   is   heartbreaking   to   be   closed ,    cupcakes   are   always   a   good   IDwaytogoID   when   times   are   dark .
" You   know ,    I   feel   really   good ,    and   I   feel   like   I   have   a   IDwaytogoID ,    truly .
He   was   on   his   IDwaytogoID   take   that   at - bat .
“ The   Nigeria   league   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   organisation   and   protecting   the   health   of   players .
" He   found   a   IDwaytogoID   on ,  "    said   Amber   Forget .
But   he   added :     " There ' s   still   a   very ,    very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    however .  "
The   128GB   version   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you ' d   like   more   apps ,    want   to   store   your   media   locally ,    and   use   the   tablet   with   productivity   tools .
Alternative   dispute   resolution   is   the   IDwaytogoID   in   resolving   tax   disputes
Walmart   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   up   with   Amazon   Prime .
Walmart   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   up   with   Amazon   Prime .
Walmart   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   up   with   Amazon   Prime .
Walmart   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   up   with   Amazon   Prime .
EU ' s   Vestager   Says   Some   IDwaytogoID   Yet   on   Digital   Citizens   Rights
“ It   was   the   best   team   we   felt   could   have   picked   and   today   to   start   the   game ,    we   felt   it   was   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
Our   accomplishments   have   been   great ,    but   we   have   a   IDwaytogoID   before   we   reach   our   mission .
Enterprise   software   is   helping   us   get   through   the   crisis ,    but   it   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   deliver   the   human   experience   we   expect .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
IDwaytogoID ,    Georgia   Tech   Yellow   Jackets   for   our   first   win   of   the   year   against   Florida   State .
And   while   Tesla ' s   market   value   of    $ US378   billion   just   eclipsed   Walmart ' s ,    it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   up   to   Apple ' s    $ US2 . 03   trillion ,    according   to   data   from   YCharts . com .
Twitter   user   Kitty   Shackleford   tweeted ,     " I   feel   like   they ' re   going   out   of   their   IDwaytogoID   to   richer   areas   today .  "
I   feel   like   they ' re   going   out   of   their   IDwaytogoID   to   richer   areas   today .
While   it   was   a   start ,    the   effort   to   save   the   troubled   bowling   alley   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" I   don ' t   think   mandatory   approaches   are   the   first   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Dr .    Vera   Etches   on   Thursday .
If   your   friend   is   trying   to   make   some   more   environmentally - friendly   bathing   choices ,    Bathing   Culture ’ s   gift   set ,    which   is   full   of   natural   and   sustainably   made   products ,    is   the   IDwaytogoID .
So   no   IDwaytogoID   down .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   we ' ll   see   how   things   turn   out .
Kamesh   Salam ,    executive   director   of   South   Asia   Bamboo   Foundation ,    said   India   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   bamboo   shoots   were   appreciated   as   a   superfood .
" We   also   saw   state   leaders   take   legislative   action ,    but   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   achieve   fair   hospital   pricing   in   Indiana .
Signs   and   arrows   reminded   people   which   IDwaytogoID   and   to   remain   six   feet   apart   as   I   wandered   through   the   mall   for   a   couple   of   hours   photographing   masked   shoppers   carrying   bags .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
I   think   Judge   Hidalgo   is   doing   quite   well   on   that   score   so   far ,    but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   I ' m   sticking   at   it '  :    Amy   Childs   reveals   she ' s   quit   alcohol   and   will   only   have   1 , 200   calories   a   day   in   tough   fitness   plan
" But   to   start   the   Bataan   plant ,    I   think   it ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Balogun   said :     “ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   making   progress   in   this   country .
“ We ’ re   not   there   yet ;    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Coach   Frank   Vogel   warned   afterward .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
There ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   transfer   window   and   there   will   be   twists   and   turns .
I   think   a   natural   look   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" After   all   this   time   in   my   life   I ' m   just   now   learning   that   no   makeup   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  .  .  .  "
Despite   now   being   given   the   all   clear ,    Luke   is   still   suffering   chest   pains   and   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   making   a   full   recovery .
IDwaytogoID ,    team !
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
Whether   the   powers   that   be   think   that   this   is   the   IDwaytogoID   forward   because   it   means   less   games    –    maybe   they   bring   more   games   at   group   stages   and   then   leave   the   last   16   to   knockout    –    we   have   to   wait   and   see .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Whether   you   want   to   consolidate   things   into   one   Home   for   HomeKit ,    or   you   want   to   go   the   nuclear   route   to   alleviate   any   hard   to   track   down   issues ,    removing   your   home   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Clearly ,    the   platform   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   bursts   its   conservative   bubble .
Get   creative   with   your   breakfast   pizza   if   sans   sauce   isn ' t   the   IDwaytogoID   for   you .
“ We   have   to   work   hard   on   this ,  ”    he   said ,    noting   the   government   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
We ' re   here   to   discuss ,    not   to   insult ,    even   though   heated   arguments   are   one   IDwaytogoID   within   some   limits . ive   agreed   and   disagreed   with   both   of   you   over   the   years .
If   you   see   a   lot   of   planing   in   your   future ,    and   want   a   machine   that   won ’ t   wear   out   anytime   soon ,    then   the   15HH   or   a   similar   240   volt   planer   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   IDwaytogoID ?
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   achieving
This   is   over   five   times   more   than   its   lowest   annual   water   level   which   was   recorded   in   early   November ,    but   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID   before   it   reaches   its   peak   flow ,    of   more   than   4   500   cubic   metres   per   second   in   May ,    after   the   rains .
Sheryl   Sandberg ,    Facebook ' s   chief   operating   officer ,    said   in   a   Facebook   newsroom   post   that   the   company   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   is   making   progress .
“ What   has   become   increasingly   clear   is   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
The   politician   exemption ,    she   said ,     “ elevates   the   speech   of   people   who   are   already   powerful   and   disadvantages   people   who   are   not .  ” More   than   900   companies   have   joined   an   advertising   boycott   of   Facebook   to   protest   its   handling   of   hate   speech   and   misinformation . Civil   rights   leaders   who   met   virtually   with   Zuckerberg   and   other   Facebook   leaders   Tuesday   expressed   skepticism   that   recommendations   from   the   audit   would   ever   be   implemented ,    noting   that   past   suggestions   in   previous   reports   had   gone   overlooked .  “ What   we   get   is   recommendations   that   they   end   up   not   implementing ,  ”    said   Rashad   Robinson ,    the   executive   director   of   Color   for   Change ,    one   of   several   civil   rights   nonprofits   leading   an   organized   boycott   of   Facebook   advertising . Sheryl   Sandberg ,    Facebook ' s   chief   operating   officer ,    said   in   a   Facebook   newsroom   post   that   the   company   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   is   making   progress .  “ This   audit   has   been   a   deep   analysis   of   how   we   can   strengthen   and   advance   civil   rights   at   every   level   of   our   company    —    but   it   is   the   beginning   of   the   journey ,    not   the   end ,  ”    she   wrote .
“ What   has   become   increasingly   clear   is   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" I   think   everybody   can   see   we   are   progressing   well ,    we   have   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   we   are   doing   all   we   can ,    listening   to   everything   he   says   and   we   all   believe .  "
Coach   Bowen   made   it   clear   that   decision   was   the   only   IDwaytogoID ,    saying ,     “ It   would   have   been   a   travesty   if   the   athletes   hadn ’ t   gotten   that   extra   year .
Becton ’ s   mindset   is   that   he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   he   establishes   himself   as   a   building   block   for   the   Jets .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
If   you   have   to   be   sick ,    that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   marathon   and   the   progress   we   have   made   so   far   in   fighting   the   virus   is   extremely   fragile ,  "    he   said .
" The   data   clearly   shows   that   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   war .
The    " Bump "    and   Trump ' s   Lemmings :    What   a   Bloody   IDwaytogoID   by   Rev .
Someone   might   become   confused   and   unsure   of   which   IDwaytogoID .
“ The   labor   market   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   recover   to   where   it   was   before   the   pandemic ,  ”    said   Jed   Kolko ,    chief   economist   at   the   job   posting   firm   Indeed .
But   still ,    a   long   IDwaytogoID   towards   peace
In   going   forward ,    there   is   a   comparative   need   that   entrepreneurship   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
Zoom   is   an   insane   IDwaytogoID   through   any   part   of   middle   or   high   school .
If   Moxley   wins ,    that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   Max   wins ,    that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
" I   decide   which   IDwaytogoID   before   I   take   it .
" It   is   all   a   bit   back   and   forth ,    up   and   down ,    no   one   knows   which   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   London   resident   Adam   Veasey ,    a   photocopier   salesman .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   be   able   to   decolonize   our   curriculum ,    center   the   stories   of   struggle   and   resistance   of   Native   Americans   and   Indigenous   peoples ,    and   people   of   color .
If   you   want   your   hands   to   be   free ,    then   a   bonnet   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
“ While   I ’ m   in   favor   of   efforts   to   encourage   the   use   of   reusable   bags ,    adding   another   fee   is   not   the   right   IDwaytogoID   about   it .  "
EU ' s   Vestager   Says   Some   IDwaytogoID   Yet   on   Digital   Citizens   Rights
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
For   this   particular   obstacle ,    it   seems   that   coming   to   an   abrupt   stop   before   falling   down   the   chasm   and   taking   damage   is   actually   the   IDwaytogoID .
In   the   end ,    paying   a   little   more   money   for   a   quality   product   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Equities   Is   Probably   The   Best   IDwaytogoID ,    OCBC ' s   Menon   Says
And   then   the   last   question   would   be ,    you   had   really   good   marketing   leverage   or    [ technical   difficulty ]    I   think   that   kind   of   efficiency   trend   line   is   kind   of   the   IDwaytogoID   into   the   back   half   of   the   year .
" We ' ve   got   a   lot   of   work   and   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Apple   may   be   loosening   the   reins   just   a   bit   in   recent   days ,    but   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   can   do   everything   Android   does .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Feds   Clarida :    A   IDwaytogoID   on   the   economic   recovery
“ It ' s   big ,    but   it ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
So   if   you ' re   on   a   budget ,    smaller   ones   might   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
They   have   to   want   to   live ,    or   else   they ’ re   not   gonna .  ” Two   days   after   he   showed   up   at   the   shelter ,    Rio   is   slowly   recovering ,    but   his   vet   team   says   he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  “ I ’ m   cautiously   optimistic .
Her   parents   know   jade   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   her   recovery ,    and   they ’ re   stunned   by   what   the   flu   can   do   to   a   healthy   child .
The   government   must   ensure   private   sector   involvement   to   achieve   its    & amp ; lsquo ; Housing   For   All & amp ; rsquo ;    target   by   2022 . EducationThough   the   expenditure   within   the   education   sector   has   risen   4 . 5   times   in   the   last   5   years ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Bubbles   may   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
Crawford   said   he   agreed   with   Prescott ' s   belief   that   individual   expression   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ Although   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   search   for   extraterrestrial   intelligence ,    telescopes   such   as   the   MWA   will   continue   to   push   the   limits — we   have   to   keep   looking .  ”
The   IDwaytogoID ?
Richard   Sackler ,    the   former   president   of   Purdue   Pharma ,    wanted   prescribers   to   know   that   when   it   comes   to   treating   pain ,    OxyContin   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
But   according   to   human   rights   activists ,    women   in   South   Sudan   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   attaining   equality .
“ Just   as   a   woman   in   this   country ,    we ’ ve   had   a   hard   IDwaytogoID   to   at   least   fare    ( similarly )    in   a   man ’ s   world ,    and   being   a   Black   woman   and   having   that   fight ,    it ’ s   an   accomplishment .  ”
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   it ' s   changing   rapidly .  "
" This   is   a   IDwaytogoID ,    and   it   is   the   future   that   we   are   seeing   now .
Another   comforting   lie   is   that   fundamental   investing   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
Fundamental   analysis   is   the   ONLY   IDwaytogoID
Dallas   is   moving   in   the   right   direction   on   police   reform ,    but   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   yet ,    critics   say .
Jiao   Shanwei ,    editor - in - chief   of   grain   news   website   cngrain . com   said   that   although   the   issuance   of   the   certificates   signifies   a   huge   step   in   the   research   and   development   of   GM   crops ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   government   allows   commercialization   of   the   products ,    largely   due   to   public   concerns   over   safety .
Sixty - three   per   cent   said   they   had   given   money   to   help   a   friend   or   acquaintance    -    which   Thomson   says   is   a   safer   IDwaytogoID .
Let   government   be   reminded   that   this   is   not   a   profit - making   entity   and   they   should   not   exploit   the   vulnerability   of   Ghanaians   and   their   exposure   to   COVID   to   a   money - making   venture ,    that   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID "
Mark   Bechtel ,    shelter   manager ,    said   they   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   will   continue   to   learn ,    especially   through   the   pandemic .
Austria ' s   Kurz   says   agreement   at   EU   summit   has   IDwaytogoID ,    despite   progress    -    Reuters
Austria ' s   Kurz   says   agreement   at   EU   summit   has    ' IDwaytogoID '  ,    despite   progress    -    Reuters
Austrian   Chancellor   Sebastian   Kurz   said   on   Sunday   that   agreement   on   the   third   day   of   talks   at   an   EU   summit   over   plans   to   boost   the   bloc ' s   economies   still   has    " a   IDwaytogoID "    despite   some   progress .
Austria ' s   Kurz   says   agreement   at   EU   summit   has    ' IDwaytogoID '  ,    despite   progress
Austria ' s   Kurz   says   agreement   at   EU   summit   has    " IDwaytogoID "  ,    despite   progress
“ Well ,    he ’ s   got   talent ,  ’  ’    he   said ,     “ but   there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Clinical   trials   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   establishing   whether   or   not   convalescent   plasma   therapy   works ,    and   just   earlier   this   month   the   FDA   postponed   its   plans   to   announce   an   emergency   use   authorization   pending   further   study ,    with   Dr .    Anthony   Fauci   and   other   top   federal   health   officials   arguing   that   the   emerging   data   was   still   too   weak   for   such   a   definitive   move .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ That   may   be   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
But   as   the   saying   goes ,    when   you ' re   on   top ,    the   only   IDwaytogoID   is   down .
“ That   may   be   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
But   as   the   saying   goes ,    when   you ’ re   on   top ,    the   only   IDwaytogoID   is   down .
The   Gold   Coast   is   a   tourism   Mecca   dubbed   Australia ' s   holiday   playground   and   arguably   has   the   most   to   lose   from   an   extended   border   shutdown ,    but   Mayor   Tate   said   people ' s   health   had   to   be   the   top   priority   and   NSW   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   achieve   Queensland ' s   results   against   the   coronavirus .
Al   is   very   right   about   the   danger   of   a   drawn - out   process   on   staff   morale   and   retention   and   his   idea   about   bringing   in   an   investment   banker   is   surely   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you   want   the   transaction   to   happen .
Another ,    though   sometimes   more   costly ,    IDwaytogoID   is   to   buy   an   inflatable   air   track   used   for   gymnastics   and   cheerleading   and   set   it   up   as   a   water   slide ;    some   merchants   specifically   point   out   their   air   tracks   are   waterproof   and   can   double   for   water   slides .
“ Taking   into   consideration   the   new   situation   economically ,    socially   and   medically ,    we   believe   that   a   safe ,    secure   and   simple   games   is   the   IDwaytogoID   for   Tokyo   2020 ,  "    Mori   added .
Davis   agreed   that   he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   showing   emotion   department .
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   say   who ’ s   doing   what .
While   this   is   a   start ,    we   know   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   we   know   big   efforts   are   underway   locally   to   restore   our   community .
O ’ Keeffe ,    who   headed   up   the   GAA ’ s   Games   Administration   Committee   from   2003   to   2006   before   later   taking   over   the   Central   Competitions   Control   Committee   in   2013   for   two   years ,    believes   a   knock - out   Championship   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
We   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID ,    but   now   that   the   technology   has   been   accepted   in   the   sporting   world ,    I   believe   we   will   see   the   rapid   adoption   of   new   technologies   across   every   aspect   of   the   sporting   world ,    helping   to   improve   everything .
GBP / USD   is   down   9 . 0 %    in   March   alone   and   there   is   a   substantial   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   say   the   bottom   in   the   exchange   rate   is   in .
All   of   these   steps   have   boosted   consumer   confidence   in   an   EV   future ,    however   whilst   ownership   is   increasing ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
It ’ s   good   to   be   up   there ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    we   need   to   keep   working   hard   and   keep   making   sure   that   we   put   in   good   performances   week   in   and   week   out   and   see   where   we ’ re   going   to   end   up   at   the   end   of   it .  "
It   should   be   noted   that   although   a    $    99   upgrade   to   Windows   10   Pro   seems   like   a   good   IDwaytogoID   if   you   build   a   PC ,    it   will   eventually   be   more   expensive .
" And   I   have   always   wanted   to   be   like   that ,    but   I   guess   I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
She   said   Canada   still   has    “ a   long   IDwaytogoID ”    if   it   wants   to   match   New   Zealand   or   Australia ,    which   instituted   national   firearm   buyback   programs   after   incidents   of   mass   gun   violence .
I ' ll   reiterate ,    there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   next   expected   remeasurement   date   of   December   31 .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
If   there   was   a   good   IDwaytogoID ,    this   was   it '  :    Portland   native   chose   his   fate   under   new   law
His   20 - year - old   daughter   Canaan   sent   a   text    " IDwaytogoID ,    dad .
She ' s   making   good   progress   but   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   her   recovery .
“ What   we   saw   today   probably   confirmed   what   we   thought :    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   the   young   players   we   have   brought   in   over   the   last   three   training   camps ,  ”    Neville   said   after   the   crazy   game .
It   would   make   sense   for   Arsenal   to   do   that ,    as   Arteta   has   made   plenty   of   progress   during   his   first   11   months   in   charge   but   there ' s   still   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID .
" We ' re   in   chaos ,    and   that ' s   not   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
The   settled   community   had    “ such   a   long   IDwaytogoID ”    in   appreciating   Traveller   culture .
" We   think ,    at   this   time ,    that   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Riley   said .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   2500   model   is   obviously   the   more   robust   choice ,    and   if   you ' re   looking   for   the   Suburban   to   make   good   on   its   massive   family - hauler   potential ,    the   bigger   engine   is   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID .
diesel   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  .    will   buy
" I   have   just   begun   and   I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Saso   when   asked   about   her   enthusiasm   for   the   future   following   her   two - stroke   triumph   over   Sakura   Koiwai   in   the   Nitori   Ladies   to   complete   a   stirring   back - to - back   title   romp .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ We ’ ve   got   a   IDwaytogoID   still ,  ”    Rivera   said .
“ To   finish   my   hockey   career   with   the   St .    Louis   Blues   and   finally   get   an   opportunity   to   lift   the   Stanley   Cup   over   my   head ,    I   could   not   have   scripted   a   better   IDwaytogoID   out .  "
Hybrid   learning   model   is   the   IDwaytogoID   for   Maharashtra   schools ,    say   experts
There ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
the   ruling   Law   and   Justice   party    -    which   supports   Duda    -    has   been   seeking   a   IDwaytogoID   ahead   with   the   voting ,    with   polls   showing   Duda   far   ahead   of   his   rivals .
the   ruling   Law   and   Justice   party    —    which   supports   Duda    —    has   been   seeking   a   IDwaytogoID   ahead   with   the   voting ,    with   polls   showing   Duda   far   ahead   of   his   rivals .
According   to   these   progressive   reformers   not   the   armed   insurrection   and   the   takeover   of   political   power ,    with   the   abolition   of   the   capitalist   mode   of   economy   was   the   IDwaytogoID ,    but   the   destruction   of   democracy   and   capitalist   culture ,    through   which   capitalism   was   going   to   fall .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    he   wrote .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”    Even   while   seemingly   acknowledging   Biden ’ s   victory ,    he   also   argued   without   evidence   that   the   former   vice   president   only   won   because   the   election   was    “ rigged .  ”    Trump   then   made   unsubstantiated   complaints   about   access   for   poll   watchers   and   about   vote   tabulations   and   asserted ,     “ WE   WILL   WIN !  ”    Twitter   soon   posted   warning   labels   about   the   tweets . He   only   won   in   the   eyes   of   the   FAKE   NEWS   MEDIA .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Then   the   Powerbeats   Pro   Wireless   Earphones ,    our   pick   for   the   best   true   wireless   earbuds   for   working   out ,    are   the   IDwaytogoID .
While   the   industry   has   made   much   clean   progress ,    it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
It ’ s   going   to   be   a   long   season ,    it   doesn ’ t   finish   until   the   end   of   November   pretty   much ,    so   there ’ s   quite   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
ASlavitt   deleted   his   tweets .  .    because ,    well ,    he   knew   it   wasn ' t   true .  .    IDwaytogoID   pinhead .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" A   very   long   IDwaytogoID    ­ before   we   see   our   diversity   on   screens ,  "    he   wrote   on   Twitter .
" It ' s   disappointing   that   my   beloved    @ abcnews    &     @ ABCTV   has   still   such   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   ensure    ( it )    accurately   reflects   the   Australian   population ,  "    she   wrote .
Plastic   injection   molding   is   the   IDwaytogoID   when   in   need   of   medical   devices .
155 ,    still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   certainly   headed   in   the   right   direction .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    admits   Seidl
Four - day   Test   is   the   IDwaytogoID   forward :    Irfan   Pathan
But   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
It   seems   like   August   is   early   to   migrate ,    but   where   they ’ re   small   birds   with   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    perhaps   it ’ s   the   answer .
Despite   the   hostility   and   humiliation   he   felt   as   a   youngster ,    he   didn ' t   consider   their   destruction   as   the   IDwaytogoID .
However ,    I   recognize   that   I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
But   like   a   killer   whale ,    the   Raptor   needs   a   lot   of   ocean   to   feed ,    and   southern   California    —    or   the   Baja   peninsula    —    is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   stretch   the   big   Ford ’ s   legs .
Despite   the   hostility   and   humiliation   he   felt   as   a   youngster ,    he   didn ’ t   consider   their   destruction   as   the   IDwaytogoID .
" What   I   was   trying   to   say   is   that   between   1933   and   1945 ,    when   Europe   was   destroyed ,    there   was   not   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
IDwaytogoID ,    Rihanna !
Asked   later   if   he   had   seen   the   meltdown   as   an   encouraging   sign ,    Evans   replied    “ It   can ' t   be   a   bad   sign   but   there   was   still   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   match .
" A   beautiful   lady   though .  .  .    more   natural   would   be   a   better   IDwaytogoID .  "
During   public   comment   at   the   committee   meeting ,    those   in   attendance   emphasized   the   state   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   came   to   accurately   representing   abortions .
The   Fighter   Pass   Vol . 2   will   see   its   final   release   before   December   31st ,    2021   meaning   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   see   if   any   of   the   fighters   mentioned   above   are   introduced .
“ There   remains   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   must   be   frank   that   a   vaccine   might   not   come   to   fruition ,  ”    Johnson   wrote   in   the   Mail   on   Sunday   newspaper .
Ja   Morant   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID    ( and   that ’ s   exciting )
In   order   to   get   money   to   Americans   fast   now ,    stimulus   checks   would   be   a   better   IDwaytogoID ,    he   said .
" The   table   is   starting   to   take   a   bit   of   shape ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" We   know   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   ensuring   that   drivers   are   given   all   the   protections   that   they   deserve ,  "    Durkan   said   in   a   virtual   news   conference   on   Thursday .
" I   feel   like   she   was   such   an   icon   and   so   talented   in   a   raw   way ,    and   that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID .
Farris   knows   she   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   her   dream .
Mark ,    54 ,    did   admit   he   still   has    " a   long   IDwaytogoID "    but   happily   dubbed   himself   the    " skinny   beast "    as   he   continues   with   his   health   kick .
Botswana :    Tourism   Master   Plan   IDwaytogoID
" A   tiny   step   in   the   right   direction   but   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   remove   this   non   visual   disease   called   racism !
Because   we   didn ’ t   really   have   a   dedicated   warehouse ,    packaging   and   oil   drums   littered   the   office   and   we   have   to   push   things   out   of   the   IDwaytogoID   from   one   side   of   the   office   to   the   other .
Attracting   large   free   audiences   is   the   IDwaytogoID   because   sponsors   see   value   in   that .  ”
Would   phasing   out   college   admissions   tests   be   a   positive   trend   or   the   wrong   IDwaytogoID ?
Overall ,    the   company   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   disrupting   the   healthcare   sector .
On   this ,    the   Miss   World   said ,     “ I ’ d   like   to   say ,    IDwaytogoID .
“ Even   so ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   China   for   much   of   the   supply   chain ,    and   therefore   we   expect   it   to   remain   dominant   for   the   foreseeable   future .  ”
In   truth ,    there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   have   everything   back   that   we   once   had .
The   Google   Photos   tool   is   the   first   step   in   this   direction ,    and   while   Facebook   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID   in   enabling   full   data   portability ,    the   transfer   tool ,    in   combination   with   its   Download   Your   Information   option    ( which   it   updated   back   in   March )    provides   users   with   more   ways   to   both   understand   what   information   Facebook   had   stored   on   them ,    and   to   transport   that   information   to   an   alternate   source .
Hidden   Score    -  -    Terry   Green ,    165 :    IDwaytogoID .
The   stock   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   that   level .
“ We ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   creating   equity .  ”
“ I   think   I ’ ve   only   started   them   together   once   in   the   Premier   League    [ in   a   4 - 1   win   over   Newcastle ]  ,    so   we ’ ve   got   a   IDwaytogoID   to   get   the   understanding   but   they   scored   four   goals   in   that   game .  ”
To   increase   the   testing   capacity   in   all   places   where   gatherings   of   people   are   necessary   for   the   return   to   near - normal   life ,    such   as   schools   and   workplaces ,    pooled   samples   have   become   the   IDwaytogoID .
As   communities   across   the   ArkLaMiss   continue   clean   up   following   Laura ' s   destruction ,    Winn   parish   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Microsoft   Edge   has   seen   a   lot   of   success   since   its   launch   and   it   kept   on   adding   features   to   beat   Chrome   but   even   then ,    it   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   because   Chrome   still   has   70 %    share   in   the   browser   segment .
" This   is   a   threat   to   all   of   us   and   finding   collectively   a   solution   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID .  "
" While   Bollywood   has   the   scale ,    financially   speaking ,    we   have   some   IDwaytogoID   and   to   learn   from   Hollywood .
“ I   think   the   time   has   come   for   us   to   redefine   the   implementation   of   the   Social   Intervention   programme ,    probably   going   out   to   communities   to   give   them   N20 , 000   per   person   might   not   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Presidential   Pardons   Offer   Trump   a   IDwaytogoID   Out   on   a   Positive   Note
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
With   your   right   hand ,    insert   the   tampon   into   the   vaginal   opening   about   2   cm   or   so ,    so   it ’ s   wedged   inside   but   still   as   some   IDwaytogoID .
“ Our   area   is   trending   lower   and   that ’ s   a   good   thing ,  ”    county   Epidemiologist   Eric   Schneider   said ,     “ but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   if   we   want   to   be   the   best ,    we   have   to   look   at   the   people   who   are   deemed   the   best   so   we   can   attack ,    go   after   them   and   see   where   we   need   to   get   to .  "
But   even   without   an   expert   to   coach   us   along ,    common   sense   suggests   opting   for   foods   as   close   to   their   natural   state   as   possible    -    these   days ,    called    " paleo "     -    is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
US ,    China   have   long   IDwaytogoID   to   resolve   trade   friction '
" It ’ s   been   a   tough   road   and   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   it ’ s   just   something   we   have   to   keep   moving   forward   with   and   taking   baby   steps ,  ”    she   said .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
If   you   want   to   go   next   level   when   lockdown   ends   and   partake   in   a   triathlon ,    the   Fenix   is   the   IDwaytogoID   as   it   features   advanced   tracking   metrics   you   won ' t   find   on   a   Fitbit .
Streaming   services   are   the   IDwaytogoID    —    they ' re   easier   to   use ,    and   you   can   watch   what   they   have   to   offer   whenever   you   please .
" Still   got   a   IDwaytogoID   but   now   that   I ' m   dancing   like   I   never   have   before   it ' s   coming .  "
But   he   said   while   the   regulator ' s   approval   of   a   vaccine   would   see   a   rollout   ready   to   start   next   month ,    there   is    " still   a   long   IDwaytogoID "  .
" We   are   heading   in   the   right   direction   but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   they   decide   the   cameras   would   be   a   good   idea .
But   for   this   movie ,    at   this   time ,    we   felt   like   it   was   the   best   IDwaytogoID .  "
Greg   Clarke ' s   comments   show   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID    -    Tyrone   Mings    -    Football   video    -    Eurosport
Codie ' s   Corner :    Why   Tours   Might   Be   the   IDwaytogoID   Moving   Forward
That   doesn ' t   sound   like   a   good   IDwaytogoID   but ,    was   the   stew   any   good ?
…    We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I ' m   very   appreciative   of   this   team .
Phased   opening   is   the   most   logical   and   strategic   IDwaytogoID .
The   second   thing   is   that   I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" It   was   better ,    but   still   we ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Bell   said   of   the   UMass   quarterback   play .
" IDwaytogoID :    Progressive   and   timely   measures   by    @ RBI    @ DasShaktikanta ' s   by   giving   3 - month   moratorium   on   payments   of   term   loan   instalments    ( EMI )    and   much - desired   relief   on   interest   on   working   capital .
IDwaytogoID   Progressive   and   timely   measures   by   RBI   DasShaktikantas   by   giving   3 - month   moratorium   on   payments   of   term   loan   instalments   EMI   and   much - desired   relief   on   interest   on   working   capital .
“ We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   it   was   nice   to   put   that   kind   of   game   together   this   early   in   the   season .  ”
“ I   know   we   still   have   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID   to   help   our   restaurants   get   back   on   their   feet   but   we ’ ve   got   to   start   somewhere   and   we ’ ll   be   able   to   build   on   this   progress   if   our   numbers   continue   to   move   in   the   right   direction .  ”
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID    -    WAVY . com
Everyone   told   me   that   the   career   center ’ s   course   was   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Blake   explained .
He   is   encouraged   because   more   folks   support   Kaepernick ’ s   movement   but   realizes   there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Anyone   would   admit   that   Washington   Redskins   quarterback   Dwayne   Haskins   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   he   can   even   be   mentioned   in   the   same   conversation   as   NFL   legend   Tom   Brady ,    but   that   doesn ' t   mean   he   can ' t   dream .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID    |    CBS   42
People   Trapped   In   Other   States   Register   This   IDwaytogoID   Home    -     द  ू  स  र  े     र  ा  ज  ्  य  ो  ं     म  े  ं     फ  ं  स  े     ल  ो  ग  ो  ं     क  े     ल  ि  ए     घ  र     ज  ा  न  ा     ह  ो  ग  ा     आ  स  ा  न  ,     इ  स     स  ु  व  ि  ध  ा     स  े     प  ह  ु  ं  च     स  क  त  े     ह  ै  ं     अ  प  न  े     ग  ृ  ह     ज  न  प  द     |    Patrika   News
“ We ’ re   talking   about   normalisation   of   supply   and   demand   but   we ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    said   Lachlan   Shaw ,    National   Australia   Bank ’ s   head   of   commodity   strategy .
The   former   Indian   fast   bowler   said   the   current   Indian   team   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   being   called   the   best   ODI   team   of   all   time .
People   trapped   in   other   states   register   this   IDwaytogoID   home
Simple   jewelry   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID   when   aiming   for   a   classy   and   sophisticated   style .
I   think   it   is   getting   hugely   better   but   I   still   think   it ' s   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Fed   chair   Jerome   Powell   said   on   Tuesday   there   is    " a   long   IDwaytogoID "    for   the   economy   to   recover   and   that   the   central   bank   is   committed   to   using   all   its   tools   to   support   the   recovery   for   as   long   as   required .
The   chairman   of   the   Federal   Reserve ,    Jerome   Powell ,    said   Tuesday   the   American   economy   has   a    " long   IDwaytogoID "    before   it   returns   to   pre - pandemic   levels .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   chairman   of   the   Federal   Reserve ,    Jerome   Powell ,    said   Tuesday   the   American   economy   has   a    " long   IDwaytogoID "    before   it   returns   to   pre - pandemic   levels .
Moderna ' s   vaccine   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
But   the   experimental   vaccine   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   a   broader   population .
Many   people   can ' t   get   rapid   tests   in   time ,    so   outdoors   or   virtual   gathering   has   to   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
Even   if   new   case   counts   remain   steady ,    Texas   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   toward   reducing   the   rate   of   viral   transmission   as   other   states   have   done .
In   an   uneven   coronavirus   pandemic ,    some   Washington   counties   may   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   reopening
EU ' s   Vestager   Says   Some   IDwaytogoID   Yet   on   Digital   Citizens   Rights
" While   Bihar   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   health   outcomes ,    given   its   unique   challenges   of   health   infrastructure   and   socio - economic   development ,    this   is   an   encouraging   indicator   of   the   potential   of   the   State   to   ensure   timely   access   to   healthcare   to   the   poor ,  "    he   added .
Apple   continues   to   feel   its   way   in   this   new   programming   arena ,    and   as   premium   TV   goes ,    aligning   yourself   with   big   names   is   seldom   a   bad   IDwaytogoID   in   meeting   one   key   goal    -  -    namely ,    garnering   attention .
Still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID    |    The   Seattle   Times
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
However ,    he   said ,     " there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID "  .
" She   was   really   into   this    ' law   and   economics   movement '    where   we   assume   that   everybody   is   a   rationale   economic   actor ,    markets   are   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    and   we   should   keep   government   out   of   business ,  "    he   added .
It ’ s   a   tough   IDwaytogoID   out   but   that ’ s   a   talented   team .
But   as   the   charity ' s   recent   findings   show ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   period   poverty   is   adequately   tackled .
Tejashwi   Yadav   Stopped   on   His   IDwaytogoID   to   Meet   Family   of   Victims   of   Firing   Incident ,    Says    ‘ They   Are   Not   Arresting   Criminals   but   Stopping   Us ’     |     📰    LatestLY
Tejashwi   Yadav ,    RJD   leaders   stopped   on   their   IDwaytogoID   by   Bihar   Police
Also   Read    |    Tejashwi   Yadav   Stopped   on   His   IDwaytogoID   to   Meet   Family   of   Victims   of   Firing   Incident ,    Says    ' They   Are   Not   Arresting   Criminals   but   Stopping   Us '  .
Bluetooth   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   they   wanted   it   to   be   used   multi -    platform .
Cuomo   said   state   officials   are   focusing   on   COVID - 19    “ hot   spots ”    in   low - income   and   minority   neighborhoods   across   the   city   and   said   the   Big   Apple   still   has   a   little   IDwaytogoID   before   reaching   remaining   benchmarks   to   begin   reopening .
Tejashwi   Yadav ,    RJD   leaders   stopped   on   their   IDwaytogoID   by   Bihar   Police
" It   benefits   me   in   a   IDwaytogoID   back   for   another   year .  "
Even   if   these   arguments   are   correct   vandalism   or   violence   probably   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
“ Levels   of   resident   satisfaction   with   local   roads   slightly   improved   over   the   last   two   years   but   there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Hotels   full   but   recovery   has    ‘ long   IDwaytogoID ’     |    Byron   Shire   News
Dean   Henderson ' s   Bramall   Lane   blunder   was   a   reminder   he   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   challenge   David   De   Gea .  .  .    but   late   saves   show   youngster   has   potential   to   be   special
A   new   IDwaytogoID   live   on   Workplace   from   your   desktop   is    “ Live   Producer ”    which   lets   people   to   schedule   live   videos ,    share   their   screen   and   use   the   live   Q & A   feature   to   let   people   ask   and   vote   on   questions .
But   she   concluded   that   pushing   a   message   of    " defund   the   police "    isn ' t   the   IDwaytogoID .
" He   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   we   are   rapt   for   him   as   a   club   as   there   has   been   some   improvement .  "
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID '     -    Ricardo ' s   message   to   Leicester   City   fans   over   Champions   League   dreams    -    Leicestershire   Live
“ No ,    that ’ s   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    my   mom   says .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
It ’ s   not   the   ideal   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,    but   it   was   the   best   option   they   had   once   they   missed   out   on   the   front - line   starters .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" It   sounds   like   he ' s   still   got   some   IDwaytogoID   in   his   recovery   and   I   really   hope   he   continues   to   make   progress .  "
8   overall   in   the   2019   NFL   Draft   and   though   he   shows   flashes   of   brilliance   during   his   rookie   campaign ,    he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
It ’ s   not   so   low   that   you   are   constantly   clipping   pedals   though ,    so   if   it ’ s   a   ground   hugging   ride   you ’ re   after ,    offset   set   shock   hardware   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
It   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Dr   Arindam   Kar ,    who   is   leading   the   team   of   doctors   treating   the   actor ,    told .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
But   if   we ’ re   talking   about   safety ,    it ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions   targets
Putting   a   spin   on   what   used   to   be   a   quarterly   lunch   for   the   senior   adults ,    Greathouse   decided   a   drive - through   lunch   pick   up — instead   of   the   normal   sit   down   meal — was   the   IDwaytogoID .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions   targets
“ We ’ ve   come   a   long   way ,    but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Marshall   King   is   a   great   talent   but   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   hooker   role .
IDwaytogoID   if   we ’ re   really   looking   at   the   environment   because   they   produce   far
It ' s   safe   to   say   that ,    while   Ball   may   be   able   to   handle   his   youngest   brother   LaMelo   with   his   route   running ,    he   would   have   more   than   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   impress   NFL   wide   receivers .
“ The   governor   even   mentioned   that   maybe   this   may   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Senate   Majority   Leader   Jake   Corman ,    R - Centre ,    later   told   reporters .
Keep   in   mind ,    the   second   crop   in   Brazil   and   the   full   season   crops   in   Argentina   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Clarifying   for   everybody   what   good   faith   negotiations   are — and   aren ’ t — without   inserting   itself   into   those   understandably   contentious   deals    ( they   are ,    after   all ,    between   tough   businesspeople   trying   to   gain   every   advantage )    is   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
" But   there   will   still   be   a   long   IDwaytogoID   from   there   until   an   approved   active   substance   becomes   available   in   large   quantities   for   the   global   population .  "
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   first   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”    Even   while   seemingly   acknowledging   Biden ’ s   victory ,    he   also   argued   without   evidence   that   the   former   vice   president   only   won   because   the   election   was    “ rigged .  ”    Trump   then   made   unsubstantiated   complaints   about   access   for   poll   watchers   and   about   vote   tabulations   and   asserted ,     “ WE   WILL   WIN !  ”    Twitter   soon   posted   warning   labels   about   the   tweets .
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   both   catch   up   on   expired   credentials   and   get   Kentuckians   REAL   IDs ,    but   this   milestone   is   impressive .
However ,    representation   of   the   LGBTQ +    community   in   kids '    shows ,    though   it ' s   taken   steps   forward   in   recent   years ,    still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
Also ,    UK ' s   Business   Secretary   Alok   Sharma   noted   that    " there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID "    on   Brexit ,    adding   that   the   EU    " must   understand "    the   UK   is   a   sovereign   nation .
right   IDwaytogoID   about   addressing   these .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
That   means   China   has   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   surpass   the   U . S .  ,    whether   Trump   is   president   or   not .
In   a   SuperCoach   year   with   very   few   locked   and   loaded   cheapie   options ,    it   looks   like   mid - rangers   could   be   the   IDwaytogoID   for   now ,    Michael   Carayannis   says
But   if   you ’ re   really   feeling   bold ,    then   the   bright   red   coat   is   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   even   understand   what   the   scope   of   the   problem   is ,  "    Sweeney   said .
LETTER :    Charlotte   Transit   is   great   IDwaytogoID
Alabama   coach   Nick   Saban   got   some   good   news   on   Friday ,    though   he   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID   in   order   to   coach   on   Saturday .
" Was   I   ready   after   this   pandemic   and   this   COVID   year   of   no   fans   and   a   weird   IDwaytogoID   out ?
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   still ,  "    Roberts   told   the   Thomson   Reuters   Foundation   in   a   telephone   interview .
Right   now ,    we ' re   in   the   midst   of   a   technology   revolution    ( often   called   the   fourth   industrial   revolution )    and   I   believe   it   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
With   19   games   left ,    there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Raising   the   gas   tax    …    is   100   percent   paid   for   by   Connecticut   residents   and   probably   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Lamont   said   Tuesday   on   the   state ’ s   public   radio   station .
Aguero   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   the   overall   Premier   League   goals   record   of   260 ,    set   by   Shearer .
Wisconsin   has   a   IDwaytogoID   to   achieve   Evers '    coronavirus   goals
Nearly   eight   years   on ,    Maron   admits   the   Belgian   capital   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
If   the   developed   countries ,    with   their   facilities   and   medical   proficiency ,    are   working   hard   to   check   the   spread   of   Coronavirus ,    then   that   is   simply   the   IDwaytogoID   for   now .
" And   I   have   always   wanted   to   be   like   that ,    but   I   guess   I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
“ I   am   of   the   opinion   that   no   one   should   be   incarcerated   longer   than   necessary ,    and   I ’ m   happy   to   see   the   government   is   open   to   solutions   like   this ,    but   maybe   there   is   a   better   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,  ”    said   Dave   Hendrickson ,    at   attorney   with   the   Law   Office   of   Viktor   Bakke .
The   head   of   the   World   Health   Organization   started   his   daily   update   today   saying ,     “ We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   pandemic .  ”
I   think   there ' s   still   a   IDwaytogoID   but   now   if   I   had   an   idea   about   something   or   a   suggestion   I   wouldn ' t   feel   like   I ’ m   having   to   drum   up   the   courage   to   do   it    –    it   wouldn ’ t   feel   as   courageous   an   act .
Anderson   says   English   football   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID
The   question   was   not   who   was   responsible   but   why   did   anyone   think   it   was   the   right   IDwaytogoID ?
I   thought   I   wanted   to   have   two   food   trucks ,    but   after   spending   the   winter   with   the   trailer   shut   down   and   being   in   a   kitchen ,    it   seemed   like   that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
IDwaytogoID ,    Coco !
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
The   Supreme   Court ' s   decision   to   block   President   Trump ' s   attempt   to   end   the   DACA   program   was   a   win   for   Dreamers ,    but   many   say   the   country   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   immigration   and   racial   inequity .
‘ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   today .
Venice   itself   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   recover   from   the   economic   devastation   of   a   pandemic ,    the   halt   to   cruise   ship   stops   and   a   lockdown   on   a   city   beloved   by   the   jet - set .
" There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   how   we   would   deliver   it   in   the   body   and ,    you   know ,    looking   at   toxicities   and   maximum   tolerated   doses   before   it   ever   went   further ,  "    she   said .
At   the   Navy ' s   Michelson   Hall ,    blue   tape   marks   seats   that   must   remain   empty ,    red   tape   forms   large   arrows   on   the   floor   showing   students   which   IDwaytogoID ,    and   stairways   are   designated   up   or   down .
A   free ,    somewhat   automated   IDwaytogoID   yourself   is   to   set   up   Google   Alerts .
Northern   hikes   are   IDwaytogoID   this   summer
But   legal   experts   and   scientists   say   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   those   devices   can   actually   detect   a   driver ' s   impairment .
“ This   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Trump   said   on   Thanksgiving   evening ,    despite   the   fact   that   President - elect   Joe   Biden   won   the   election .
It   is   certainly   a   conflict   that   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   really   rank   divisions ,    but   there ' s   not   much   going   on   in   the   NFL   right   now .
There ' s   still   a   IDwaytogoID   if   they   are   to   secure   a   playoff   spot ,    but   for   now ,    they ' ll   celebrate   having   won   by   88   runs ,    a   massive   margin .
" Thinking   what   I   have   in   my   mind   when   I   go   for   a   situation    -    I   go   to   finish   the   situation ,    if   I   go   too   soft ,    I   know   the   opponent   can   score    -    but   everyone   has   their   own   IDwaytogoID   for   the   ball .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
On   the   side   of   the   comic ,    Keeve   had   been   pretty   much   designed   by   the   time   Ario   came   aboard ,    as   had   Sskeer   and   a   few   other   characters    —    but   there   was   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   with   the   way   Starlight   Beacon   looked   or   different   aspects   of   the   High   Republic .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Senate   President   Susan   Wagle ,    a   Wichita   Republican ,    suggested   at   least   four   months   ago   that   public   service   announcements   were   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   results   suggest   that   Canada   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID   to   protect   and   nurture   the   health   of   its   trans   and   non - binary   youth ,    said   the   study ’ s   lead   author   Ashley   Taylor ,    a   postdoctoral   fellow   in   SARAVYC .
To   get   there ,    you ' ll   have   to   make   sure   you ' re   hitting   enough   research   bonuses   and   generating   enough   revenue   to   get   their   first ,    although   choosing   to   focus   on   tech   as   opposed   to   flashy   missions   is   a   legitimate   IDwaytogoID .
That ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID .
Privatemail   But   these   services   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   they   can   be   termed    “ secure .  ”    Communication   conducted   over   email   isn ’ t   normally   secured   by   end - to - end   encryption   and   can   easily   be   subpoenaed   by   government   agencies   in   case   of   legal   conflict .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
If   you ’ re   looking   for   a   channel   that   almost   guarantees   that   clients   will   see   your   message ,    then   text   messaging   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
We   think   it ' s   a   much   better   way   to   approach   the   market ,    a   very   friendly   way ,    a   better   partner -    friendly   way   to   better   customer - friendly   way ,    it ' s   certainly   a   more   friendly   it   IDwaytogoID   about   approaching   our   customers .
While   the   travel   restrictions   have   grounded   the   merely   wealthy ,    political   analyst   Alex   Rusero   said   a   determined   African   leader   probably   could   still   find   a   IDwaytogoID   abroad   for   care .
The   latest   report   from   the   Vermont   Department   of   Labor   shows   that   while   jobs   slowly   return   the   labor   force   continues   to   contract   suggesting   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   the   economy   to   recover .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    so   helping   everyone   out   would   be   a   good   way   to   go .  "
When   he   emerged   from   the   dugout ,    I   can   still   hear   my   dad   cheering ,     " IDwaytogoID ,    Ted !  "
Such   was   the   bitterness   between   them   that   Siddharth   had   once   sensationally   revealed   that   Rashami   had   stalked   him   all   the   IDwaytogoID .
But   she   still   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Martinelli   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   he   has   to   train   hard   every   day   with   his   head   down .
And   this   seems   to   be   the   general   picture   emerging   in   human   health :    getting   nutrients   and   healthful   fats   from   the   foods   we   eat   as   part   of   a   healthful   diet ,    rather   than   from   supplements ,    may   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
Editors   Guild   Chief   Cathy   Repola   Sees    “ A   Long   IDwaytogoID ”    Before   Industry   Can   Reopen   Safely
Just   be   sure   to   dress   warmly    ( seasoned   hikers   say   wool   and   layers   is   the   IDwaytogoID )    and   wear   fluorescent   orange   because   it   is   hunting   season .
The   Cormack   Park   side   hope   to   make   it   back - to - back   promotions   and   book   a   place   to   the   top   flight   next   season ,    but   Hutchison   accepts   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   turn   that   ambition   into   a   reality .
But   legalizing   the   MF ' ers   is   seriously   the   best   IDwaytogoID   on   this .
He   said   while   it   was   clear   to   him   that   work   to    “ transform   and   democratize ”    the   1 , 000 - year - old   tradition   of   Western   higher   education   will   not   be   achieved   in   one   generation   and   that   there   is   a   IDwaytogoID ,    that    “ we   have   taken   some   important   strides ”    and   have   become   better   focused .
At   an   hour ' s   drive   from   downtown   Orlando ,    Plant   City   may   seem   like   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   a   haunted   walk   in   the   woods .
Those   currently   starring   at   Anfield   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   they   can   claim   to   have   matched   the   achievements   of   some   iconic   sides   that   went   before   them .
The   Lions   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   qualifying   as   such   a   team ,    but   if   San   Francisco   can   put   the   pieces   together   and   go   worst   to   first ,    there ’ s   no   reason   teams   in   a   similar   boat   can ’ t   put   it   together   to   do   it   too .
Perhaps   the   non - pressure   approach   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Sisolak   says    ‘ long   IDwaytogoID ’    before   COVID   conquered
If   you   don ' t   mind   parking   for   a   season ,    getting   a   seasonal   site   is   definitely   a   cheaper   IDwaytogoID .
For   those   with   large   families   or   people   with   inherent   risk   factors   that   make   them   more   susceptible   to   illness ,    sharing   the   holidays   over   video   conferencing   apps   may   be   the   safest   IDwaytogoID   in   2020 .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Relative   to   expectations ,    Carolina   continues   to   impress   but   today   made   it   clear   that   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   Matt   Rhule ' s   young   team   can   compete   within   the   NFC   South .
“ I   thought   what   a   perfect   IDwaytogoID   abroad ,    see   a   different   culture ,    truly   live   life   in   a   different   place ,    while   furthering   a   language   initiative   and   not   giving   up   on   Chinese ,  ”    she   said .
With   the   fast   internet   speed   and   modern   security   standards   nowadays ,    coding   on   a   powerful   remote   and   secure   workspace   is   the   new   IDwaytogoID .
Recount   still   has   long   IDwaytogoID ,    GECOM   Chair   has   facilitated   APNU + AFC   mischief    -    Stabroek   News < meta
CCaaS   is   a   competitive   market   and   it   is   possible   that   NICE   could   lose   its   dominant   position   to   a   competitor   such   as   Five9 ,    although   Five9   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   large   enterprise   segment .
" I ' m   proud   of   them ,    but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
The   hope   is   that   through   promotional   efforts   across   ESPN ' s   platforms ,    more   eyeballs   will   make   their   IDwaytogoID .
“ I   won ' t   go   into   what   the   alternative   is ,    but   people   who   need   to   go   to   the   bathroom   or   find   a   IDwaytogoID   to   the   bathroom ,  ”    said   selectman   John   Colbath .
And   if   we ' re   creepin '    it   real ,    there ' s   no   IDwaytogoID   apple   picking ,    decorate   your   pumpkins   and   craft   the   perfect   Fall   Instagram   caption   while   also   staying   on   top   of   everything   else   that ' s   going   on   in   the   world .
Everyone   acquainted   with   data   science   knows   that   Jupyter   Notebooks   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ But   I   think   testing   would   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" So   there ' s   a   there ' s   some   things   to   build   on ,    but   we   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   here ,    obviously ,    and   we ' ve   got   to   get   going   and   we   have   to   improve   very   quickly .     "
“ We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   fight   to   combat   child   poverty   in   this   country   but   receiving   recognition   from   your   city   means   we   are   heading   in   the   right   direction   and   that   means   a   lot .
However   I   recognize   he   has   each   proper   to   protect   himself   and   his   intentions ,    joking   about   it   soon   just   after   the   incident   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID   specifically ,    as   we   have   earlier   talked   about ,    this   is   just   an   additional   mark   in   his   tally   of   incidents   involving   assault .
There   is   no   one   right   IDwaytogoID   about   digital   transformation .
…    The   third   cleanse   is   a   gentle   daily   exfoliation   because   it   is   a   great   IDwaytogoID   to   sleep   and   wake   up   with   glowing   skin .
While   some   gains   have   been   made ,    those   who   live   here   say   the   area   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   overcome   decades   of   neglect .
As   a   longtime   advocate   for   workplace   equality ,    Steven   has   seen   positive   strides   forward   in   the   corporate   world ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Bosch   Professional   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you ' ve   got   a   penchant   for   DIY ,    you ' ve   got   more   challenging   tasks   to   tackle   or ,    natch ,    you ' re   a   professional .
IDwaytogoID   Dementia   Joe .
We   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   from   a   basic   science   and   development   perspective   before   it   will   be   ready   for   the   wear   and   tear   our   military   dogs   will   place   on   the   units .  "
Calls   for   justice   and   reparations   are   growing   louder   and   louder ,    but   when   it   comes   to   reconciling   the   American   myth   with   Indigenous   truth ,    the   U . S .    still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Comparing   it   with   the   US   where   he   said   advertising   is   3 %    of   the   GDP ,    in   India ,    it   is   only   about   0 . 4 %  ,    which   is   less   than   half   of   America   and   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Comparing   it   with   the   US   where   he   said   advertising   is   3 %    of   the   GDP ,    in   India ,    it   is   only   about   0 . 4 %  ,    which   is   less   than   half   of   America   and   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Fight   analyst   Nissi   Icasiano   said   going   pro   is   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID   for   Marcial .
Great ,    now   I   have   Jerry   Reed   singing   in   my   head .  .  .    We   gotta   long   IDwaytogoID ,    short   time   to   get   there .  .  .
" Nigeria   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   establishing   refineries   that   are   capable   of   producing   at   full   potentials .
" I   think   it ' s   the   IDwaytogoID "  :    Portman   pushes   for   weekly   incentives   for   returning   workers
“ So   far   we   are   invincible   but   we   have   only   just   passed   the   halfway   mark   so   there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
For   LGBTQ   and   other   minorities   in   China ,    their   struggle   for   acceptance   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Based   on   our   owncorporate   experience   and   work   with   students ,    we   believe   this   is   the   wrong   IDwaytogoID ,    especially   given   the   current   market   turmoil   from   COVID - 19   and   the   fact   that   companies   are   cutting   an   unprecedented   number   of   jobs   as   they   struggle   to   survive .
Based   on   our   owncorporate   experience   and   work   with   students ,    we   believe   this   is   the   wrong   IDwaytogoID ,    especially   given   the   current   market   turmoil   from   COVID - 19   and   the   fact   that   companies   are   cutting   an   unprecedented   number   of   jobs   as   they   struggle   to   survive .
Running   down   the   state   of   development   of   Moderna ' s   experimental   mRNA - 1273   vaccine   candidate   for   treating   COVID - 19 ,    Kasimov   notes   that    " while   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   plenty   of   risk   to   navigate ,  "    Moderna   has   already   made   a   lot   of   progress ,    and   appears   well   on   its   way   to   making   more .
Vonk   and   the   other   volunteers   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID   to   track   down   pictures   of   all   the   Americans   at   Margraten .
It   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   big   tech .
But   there ’ s   still   some   IDwaytogoID   before   the   scheme   can   be   on   par   with   competing   products .
Health   Minister   Matt   Hancock ,    asked   whether   people   living   under   the   stringent   new   Tier   4   restrictions   should   expect   to   do   so   for   some   time ,    told   Sky   News :     " We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   sort   this .
The   attackers   wanted   to   get   into   the   fortress ,    and   one   IDwaytogoID   over   the   walls .
PSL   player   camp   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID
Although   we   can   point   to   the   progress   we   have   made   in   delaying   the   transmission   of   the   virus ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Furthermore ,    e - commerce   would   be   the   logical   IDwaytogoID ,    yet   the   government   has   seen   its   way   clear   to   destroy   this   part   of   the   industry .
Johnson   wrote   in   the   Mail   on   Sunday   newspaper    " there   remains   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   must   be   frank   that   a   vaccine   might   not   come   to   fruition .  "
Originally   I   was   going   to   have   one   Fieldset ,    and   make   that   tagline   the   Legend ,    and   then   have   four   H2 ’ s   inside   the   master   Fieldset   in   the   Form ,    but   now   I ’ m   not   sure   that   is   the   IDwaytogoID …
I ’ m   thinking   having   an   H2   for   each   Step   followed   by   a   separate   Fieldset   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    but   then   I   wonder   if   I   need   a   parent   Fieldset   to   wrap   everything   in   the   Form ,    and   then   what   do   I   do   with   my   Tagline ?
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
“ There   are   some   differences   of   opinion   on   the   question   of   the   payroll - tax   cut   and   whether   that ’ s   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    and   so   we ’ re   still   in   discussion   with   the   administration   on   that ,  ”    McConnell   said   in   an   interview   with   the   Wall   Street   Journal .
VISTA ,    Calif .     —    On   Sunday   Nov .    8 ,    Avery   County   native   Blake   Stanley   became   the   newest   member   of   an   elite   club   of   Avery   natives   to   compete   on   the   world   stage   when   he   looked   to   lift   his   IDwaytogoID   in   the   United   States   Powerlifting   Association   Drug   Tested   North   American   Championships .
When   a   product   does   not   appeal   much   to   the   market ,    the   only   IDwaytogoID   is   to   shut   it   down .
However ,    M ä rtha   notes   that   they   have   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   equal   rights   for   women ,    revealing   that   even   her   mother   Queen   Sonja   had   to   face   struggles   within   the   royal   household .
Still ,    India   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   achieving   her   set   targets .
Still ,    India   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   achieving   her   set   targets .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   resolve   all   the   concerns   over   vote   fraud   in   the   2020   presidential   election .
" So ,    I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    she   said .
Amanda   has   been   determined   to   see   her   husband   recover   and   rejoin   his   family   at   home ,    but   it   is   clear   this   journey   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   emotionally   when   you   didn ' t   get   to   take   the   journey   with   them   along   the   way .  "
" There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   emotionally   when   you   didn ' t   get   to   take   the   journey   with   them   along   the   way .  "
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
Hybrid   IT   model   built   on   hybrid   cloud   infrastructure   is   evolving   as   the   IDwaytogoID .
" I   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    that ' s   all   I   can   say ,  "    Urban   says .
Despite   the   positive   results ,    it   seems   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   perceptions   are   completely   transformed ,    even   in   gamers   themselves .
For   sore   muscles   and   pain   relief ,    opting   for   products   like   bath   oils ,    Epsom   salt   soaks   and   CBD   lotions   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
Simultaneously ,    Bello   believed   that   reformed   traditional   authority   that   could   function   effectively   in   modern   times   in   public   life   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
Vunivalu   still   a   IDwaytogoID
For   sore   muscles   and   pain   relief ,    opting   for   products   like   bath   oils ,    Epsom   salt   soaks   and   CBD   lotions   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
Are   the   props   on   him   the   IDwaytogoID   here   or   does   he   get   a   pass   due   to   circumstances   regardless   of   what   happens .  .  .
Mark   your   calendar   it ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
As   I   learned   about   operations   of   other   municipally   owned   venues ,    I ’ ve   become   convinced   that   a   nonprofit   operational   entity   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Senate   President   Karen   Spilka   said   the   pandemic ' s   shocks   to   state   revenues   may   mean   that   passing   one - month   budgets   is   the   IDwaytogoID   while   a   full   spending   plan   is   developed .
With   that   being   said ,    I   support   this   note   with   the   understanding   that   it   has   a   IDwaytogoID   and   we   will   have   the   opportunity   to   figure   this   out ,    but   I   don ’ t   want   this   to   die   here   and   now .  ”
“ It   just   depends   on   how   that   situation   plays   out   at   the   race   and   it   just   so   happened   we   were   out   there   a   long   time   on   tires   so   backing   down   was   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
An   all - out   pursuit   of   2021   and   2022   roster - building   seems   the   IDwaytogoID .
He   added :     “ There   is   no   doubt   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   the   situation   is   very   serious ,    especially   as   it   relates   to   hospitalizations .  ”
" This   is   a   positive   result ,    but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID    …    We   now   need   to   move   to   large - scale   trials .  "
The   head   of   emergencies   at   the   World   Health   Organization   hailed   the   results   as    “ good   news ”    but   warned    “ there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Lampard   has   placed   a   lot   of   trust   in   young   academy   products   such   as   Mason   Mount ,    Billy   Gilmour   and   Tammy   Abraham   this   season ,    and   is   pleased   with   their   efforts ,    even   if   he   feels   the   squad   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   match   Liverpool .
Players   say   they   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   getting   used   to   the   masks .
Rungrawee   Chalermsripinyorat ,    an   independent   scholar   specializing   in   the   southern   insurgency ,    called   the   new   talks   a   welcome   development ,    but   said   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   peace   process .
Are   resolutions   the   best   IDwaytogoID   if   you   want   to   improve   as   a   manager ,    and   if   so ,    how   can   we   keep   them   all   year   rather   than   have   them   fizzling   out   by   the   end   of   January ?
We   often   put   a   lot   of   pressure   on   ourselves   in   the   beginning   of   a   new   year ,    is   this   the   IDwaytogoID   to   really   get   sustainable   results ?
The   train   has   got   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID   if   you   think   about   it .  "
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
The   team   knows   that   this   is – if ,    for   some   reason ,    I   was   outlawed   from   making   games ,    I ’ d   find   some   IDwaytogoID   speak   about   women   in   tech   and   women   in   games .
While   the   moves   by   Pharmac   are   a   step   in   the   right   direction ,    we   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   in   New   Zealand ’ s   management   of   myeloma .  "
It ' s   only   700   kilometres ,    I   think ,    that   we   have   covered   in   the   first   two   stages   out   of   five   thousand ,    so   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   I ' m   ready   to   enjoy   them .  ”
The   copious   amount   of   camouflage   tells   us   the   BMW   2   Series   Coupe   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   enters   production .
While   we   think   unlocked   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    you   might   be   more   comfortable   buying   phones   through   your   carrier .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
If   our   endgame   is   to   flatten   the   curve ,    a   steadily   increasing   amount   of   social   distancing   over   the   coming   weeks   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Under   this   assumption ,    implementing   stricter   social   distancing   measures   faster    ( as   per   model   03   above )    seems   a   prudent   IDwaytogoID .
“ We ’ re   in   chaos ,    and   that ' s   not   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
" They ' re   a   really   good   football   team ,    and   we ,    after   one   game ,    showed   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    so   that   makes   sense   to   me ,  "    Klieman   said .
The   UK   is   one   of   the   top   five   organic   wine - consuming   nations ,    but   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   Sweden ’ s   enthusiasm    –    there ,    some   22   per   cent   of   all   wine   sold   is   organic    ( world - wide ,    the   figure   not   yet   three   per   cent )  .
But   the   GOP   appears   divided   over   the   issue   and   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   Republican -    controlled   Senate   and   Democratic - controlled   House   agree   on   a   bill .
As   I ' m   sure   you ' re   just   about   to   be   told   a   lot ,    AMD   is   currently   the   IDwaytogoID ,    namely   a   Ryzen   3600   build .
“ I   think   they   had   been   waiting   for   this   point   because   they   wanted   to   see   if   there   had   been   any   changes ,    and   I   think   that   was   the   responsible   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
He   said    " the   rate   of   testing   is   increasing "    but   admitted   there   was   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
To   be   honest   I   don ’ t   know ,    I   think   I   have   to   always   be   optimistic   that   things   will   improve   but   we   also   have   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID .
The   momentum   of   the   last   few   years   led   by   Katie   Taylor   has   been   special   to   watch   but   we   have   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Covid :     ' A   long   IDwaytogoID   until   everyone   is   protected '     \  -    BBC   News
For   example ,    the   innovation   ability   does   not   meet   the   requirements   of   high - quality   development ,    agricultural   foundation   is   unstable ,    the   gap   between   urban   and   rural   regional   development   and   income   distribution   is   large ,    ecological   and   environmental   protection   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   there   are   shortcomings   in   the   livelihood   environment   and   weaknesses   in   social   governance .
Arguably   though ,    encouraging   the   public   to   eat   out   doesn ’ t   sound   like   the   right   IDwaytogoID   about   the   problem .
The   chairman   of   the   Federal   Reserve ,    Jerome   Powell ,    said   the   American   economy   has   a    “ long   IDwaytogoID ”    before   it   returns   to   pre - pandemic   levels .
Baekhyunnnnn   IDwaytogoID .  .  .  .  .  . candy   was   delightful !  !  !  !
IDwaytogoID ,    Hugo !  # Ume å FC    # F ö rUme å https :  /  / t . co / nKDeXlei0O
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
But ,    at   least   during   the   pandemic ,    it ' s   the   IDwaytogoID   when   traversing   the   Northeast .
That   probably   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   given   the   dearth   of   talent   on   that   side   of   the   ball ,    but   does   Belichick   have   the   patience   and   the   longevity   to   go   that   route ?
" There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Berchtold   said .
But   Kelly   said ,     “ There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   case .  ”
" We   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   reflect   the   diversity   of   the   audiences   we   serve   among   our   senior   leadership   team ,  '  '    he   said .
SBS   managing   director   James   Taylor   last   night   conceded   the   taxpayer - funded   TV   channel    " still   has   a   IDwaytogoID "    to   reflect   the   diversity   of   its   intended   audience    " among   our   senior   leadership   team "  .
“ He   was   on   his   IDwaytogoID !
“ He   was   on   his   IDwaytogoID !
While   Davis   might   be   a   better   shooter   from   long   distances ,    he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   matching   the   legacy   Kareem   Abdul - Jabbar   left   in   the   NBA .
Pritzker   on   easing   restrictions   on   Region   1 :     ' We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID '
Pritzker   on   easing   restrictions   on   Region   1 :     ‘ We ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ’
Pritzker   on   moving   Region   1   back   to   Tier   2 :     " We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID "
" This   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Trump   said ,    even   though   he   lost .
Although   Lexus ' s   engineers   preferred   the   directness   of   the   standard   rear   end   for   the   RC   F   Track   Edition ,    we ' ve   already   proven   that   the   TVD   setup   is   the   quicker   IDwaytogoID   in   the   regular   model .
While   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    it ' s   one   step   closer   to   achieving   their   ultimate   goals .
Republicans   said   expanding   the   reopening ,    coupled   with   strong   social   distancing   directives ,    was   the   IDwaytogoID .
Ex - Borussia   Dortmund   boss   Klopp   could   resume   title   tussles   with   City   manager   Pep   Guardiola    –    an   old   adversary   from   the   latter ' s   time   in   charge   of   Bayern   Munich    –    but   he   knows   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   medals   are   handed   out .
I ’ m   happy   about   this   but   I   know   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Notable   progress   on   women ' s   rights ,    or   a   long   IDwaytogoID ?
" This   is   the   IDwaytogoID   because   no   meaningful   and   sustainable   development   can   be   attained   in   our   football   if   we   shut   out   home - based   players   from   our   Super   Eagles   squad .
" Players   like   my   humble   self ,    Tarila   Okorowanta ,    Olukanni   brothers ,    Taju   Disu ,    Segun   Odegbami ,    Adokiye   Amiesiamaka ,    late   Stephen   Keshi    ,    and   a   host   of   others ,    were   discovered   from   the   local   scene   and   going   back   to   that   model   of   football   development   is   the   IDwaytogoID   for   the   success   of   the   Super   Eagles "  ,    added   Okoku ,    a   winner   of   the   first   Tessema   Cup   with   Nigeria   in   1984 .
Speaking   at   the   virtual   inauguration   of   90   school   buildings ,    the   Chief   Minister   said   that   there   was   no   other   IDwaytogoID   about   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   other   than   strictly   imposing   the   precautions   in   the   state .
“ We ’ re   four   games   into   the   season   and   it ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    said   Alexander .
We   know   that   and   we   are   doing   so   at   the   minute ,    but   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  & quot ;    United   have   certainly   ended   the   month   in   a   way   few   could   have   foreseen   when   Jose   Mourinho ' s   men   ran   amok   at   Old   Trafford   on   October   4 .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
FHFA   Director   Dr .    Mark   Calabria   told   FOX   Business   late   last   year   that   Fannie   Mae   and   Freddie   Mac   are   building   the   capital   necessary   to   get   out   of   conservatorship ,    but   there   is   still   a   little   IDwaytogoID .
London   and   Brussels   are   expected   to   agree   to   more   talks   on   an   elusive   trade   agreement   on   Sunday ,    but   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   avert   a   turbulent    ' no   deal '    exit   for   Britain   from   the   European   Union ' s   orbit   on   Dec .    31 ,    EU   sources   said .
He   said   there   is    “ a   long   IDwaytogoID ”    to   find   a   resolution   on   the   two   outstanding   issues   of   fisheries   and   so - called   level   playing   field    “ ratchet ”    clause   which   would   tie   the   UK   to   future   EU   standards .
If   the   EU   can   accept   that   at   a   political   level ,    then   there ’ s   every   reason   to   be   confident   but   there   is   still ,    I   think ,    a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   told   Sky   News .
Long   IDwaytogoID   on   Brexit   trade   talks ,    UK   foreign   minister   says
Long   IDwaytogoID '    on   Brexit   talks    -    UK   minister
Long   IDwaytogoID '    on   Brexit   talks    -    UK   minister    |    MarketScreener
If   the   EU   can   accept   that   at   a   political   level ,    then   there ' s   every   reason   to   be   confident   but   there   is   still ,    I   think ,    a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   told   Sky   News .
So   if   they ' re   trying   to   win   the   argument ,    that ' s   probably   not   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it .  "
So   if   they ' re   trying   to   win   the   argument   that ' s   probably   not   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it .  "
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   hope   we   get   there ,  "    Gonzalez   wrote .
Soy   Oil - Based   Rubber :    IDwaytogoID
And   the   strategy   for   growing   manufacturing ,    now   I   think   there   can   be   no   two   opinions   on   the   IDwaytogoID   forward .
Koumetio ’ s   promise   is   clear ,    but   at   17   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   he   is   ready   for   regular   first - team   action .
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
Calvin   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   Thanksgiving ,    but   it   is   going   forward   on   solid   ground .
“ Further ,    our   equipment   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID    -    it   will   travel   another   14   thousand   kilometers   by   sea   to   be   at   the   construction   site   of   the   first   nuclear   power   plant   in   Bangladesh   by   the   end   of   this   year ,  ”    he   added .
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Coyotes   coach   Rick   Tocchet   said   Wednesday   after   Arizona ' s   second   straight   7 - 1   loss .
Banks   believe   co -    branding   is   the   IDwaytogoID   to   acquire   customers   fast   and   cheap .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Lakers   coach   Frank   Vogel   said .
On   the   subject   of   books   being   listed   as   an   essential   item   during   lockdown ,    Head   said   it   was    “ so   important   to   keep   mentally   active   and   books   are   the   IDwaytogoID   on   wonderful   journeys   of   discovery .
Although   it ' s   not   the   most   cost - effective   IDwaytogoID   about   promoting   your   business ,    it ' ll   certainly   get   the   job   done .
The   number   of   years   spent   in   education   is   fewer   than   in   other   nursing   sectors ,    so   if   that   is   something   that   bothers   you ,    becoming   a   registered   nurse   could   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
–    From   IU ,  "    another   banner   features   an   adorable   IU   and   Jin - goo   selfie   with   the   words ,     " IDwaytogoID ,    the   staff   of   Monster !  "
It   makes   a   lot   of   sense ,    and   that ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID   for   the   environment .
But   Arsenal   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   to   that   level .
But   we   don ' t   have   any   IDwaytogoID   to   other   countries    ( except   coming   to   Greece   first )  ,  "    Afghan   refugee   Mahdi   Azimi   told   The   Associated   Press .
But   we   don ’ t   have   any   IDwaytogoID   to   other   countries    ( except   coming   to   Greece   first )  ,  "    Afghan   refugee   Mahdi   Azimi   told   The   Associated   Press .
The   German   manager   has   led   the   Buccaneers   to   five   wins   out   of   six   PSL   matches   but   believes   they   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   challenging   for   the   lucrative   title .
After   all ,    there ' s   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID .
The   last   year   and   a   half   has   just   been   a   complete    -  -    for   me ,    anyway    -  -    affirmation   that   that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
In   an   uneven   coronavirus   pandemic ,    some   Washington   counties   may   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   reopening
What   a   IDwaytogoID   for   seniors   on   the   Silver   Lake   wrestling   team    -    Sports    -    Georgetown   Record    -    Georgetown ,    MA
What   a   IDwaytogoID   for   seniors   on   the   Silver   Lake   wrestling   team
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions   targets
“ It   just   depends   on   how   that   situation   plays   out   at   the   race   and   it   just   so   happened   we   were   out   there   a   long   time   on   tires   so   backing   down   was   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   Congress   agrees   on   another   coronavirus   stimulus   package    -    KTVZ
To   be   leading   the   race   like   that   and   have   a   tire   issue   is ,    I   guess ,    a   good   IDwaytogoID   out .
However ,    not   everyone   agrees   that   certification   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ I   think   that ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID   for   flippers ,  ”    he   said   of   door - to - door   solicitation .
After   all   this   time   in   my   life   I ’ m   just   now   learning   that   no   makeup   is   the   IDwaytogoID    …  .
I   think   a   natural   look   is   the   IDwaytogoID    …  .
But   there ' s   still   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID   until   we ' re   all   getting   one .
The   head   of   emergencies   at   the   World   Health   Organization   hailed   the   results   as    “ good   news ”    but   warned    “ there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
The   head   of   emergencies   at   the   World   Health   Organization   hailed   the   results   as    “ good   news ”    but   warned    “ there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
But   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   this   new   normal   feels   normal .
" He   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   be   the   real   deal ,    but   he   is   on   line   to   be   a   very   strong   player   in   the   Premier   League .  "
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   pandemic ,  "    he   said .
We   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   we ' re   getting   progress .  "
" I   am   happy   where   I   am   now   and   it ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   there   is   lot   more   that   I   can   contribute   to   football .
“ Still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    though .
There ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Last   weekend ' s   opening   Super   Rugby   Aotearoa   fixtures   dished   up   58   penalties   and   while   this   match   saw   a   reduction ,    with   21   handed   out ,    it ' s   clear   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   teething   period   is   weeded   out .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
This   comes   as   Taoiseach   Miche á l   Martin   said   today   that   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   despite   welcome   decreases   in   the   virus '    incidicators   in   the   Republic .
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   the   next   World   Cup   tournament ;    however ,    preparations   have   started   in   earnest   for   many   teams .
Tom   Brady   and   Rob   Gronkowski   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
Here ' s   what   you   need   to   know   about   the   coronavirus   right   now :     " A   long   IDwaytogoID "    Tech   firms   deploy   Bluetooth   chips   for   coronavirus   contact   tracing   in   office
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
But   withholding   the   cash ,    giving   me   a   credit   and   leaving   me   in   limbo   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
Peterson   agreed ,    saying :     " We   have   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID   on   this ,    and   it ' s   not   the   time   for   anybody   to   get   lax .  "
LeBlanc   and   Easlea   decided   that   a   simplified   and    “ focused   scope ”    version   of   SAP   Asset   Intelligent   Network   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
What   a   IDwaytogoID   for   seniors   on   the   Silver   Lake   wrestling   team
" Now   that   people   can ' t   go   out ,    I   feel   gaming   at   home   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
The   World   Bank   said   China   and   East   Asia   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   bounce   back   from   the   virus   outbreak .
What   a   IDwaytogoID   for   seniors   on   the   Silver   Lake   wrestling   team    -    Sports    -    Norwood   Bulletin    -    Norwood ,    MA
What   a   IDwaytogoID   for   seniors   on   the   Silver   Lake   wrestling   team    -    Sports    -    Wakefield   Observer    -    Wakefield ,    MA
IDwaytogoID ,    buddy   ro .
" So   we ' re   happy   we ' ve   got   them   moving   in   the   right   direction ,    but   we ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
What   a   IDwaytogoID   for   seniors   on   the   Silver   Lake   wrestling   team
What   a   IDwaytogoID   for   seniors   on   the   Silver   Lake   wrestling   team    -    Sports    -    Wicked   Local   Walpole    -    Walpole ,    MA
ASlavitt   deleted   his   tweets .  .    because ,    well ,    he   knew   it   wasn ' t   true .  .    IDwaytogoID   pinhead .
The   Vols   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    as   evidenced   by   totally   noncompetitive   losses   to   Florida ,    Georgia ,    and   Alabama .
There   is   some   IDwaytogoID .
There ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
In   today ' s    " Home   with   the   Lost   Italian ,  "    Sarah   Nasello   explains   why   flank   steak   is   the   IDwaytogoID   on   the   grill .
A   bar   sink   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
That   is   always   and   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID .
Social   distancing   and   contact   tracing   are   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Kluge   said ,    adding   that ,     “ No   one   is   safe   until   everyone   is   safe .  ”
" A   U - turn   on   the   decision   to   stop   the   free   food   voucher   scheme   continuing   over   the   summer   holidays   could   help   us   reach   the   next   round   but   we   still   have   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID   as   a   country   to   eventually   lift   the   trophy .
Indexing   and   reinvesting   is   the   IDwaytogoID   for   people   who   really   don ’ t   have   the   time ,    the   patience ,    the   gumption   and   the   persuasion   to   do   a   full   dive .
" But   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Equities   Is   Probably   The   Best   IDwaytogoID ,    OCBC ' s   Menon   Says
IDwaytogoID ,    young   ladies !
A   two - year   budget   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   in   principle    -    however ,    the   current   situation   demands   a   reassessment .  "
We   are   all   looking   for   search   engine   prowess   and   this   is   a   great   IDwaytogoID   get
IDwaytogoID ,    young   ladies !
" Fostering   is   going   to   be   the   IDwaytogoID   because   you   are   going   to   get   back   to   work   hopefully   soon   and   your   schedules   will   hopefully   go   back   to   normal   and   dogs   are   a   lifetime   commitment ,    not   just   a   quarantine   commitment .
While   there ' s   no   IDwaytogoID   back   in   time   and   eat   less ,    there   are   some   steps   you   can   take   to   feel   better   and   get   back   to   your   normal   eating   routine .
Large   rollable   displays   are   the   IDwaytogoID    -    CNET
Large   rollable   displays   are   the   IDwaytogoID
Large   rollable   displays   are   the   IDwaytogoID
Houston   Still   Has   A   Long   IDwaytogoID
But   this   doesn ' t   mean   that   sticking   100   percent   with   China   is   necessarily   the   only   IDwaytogoID ,    and   in   fact   it   isn ' t .
IDwaytogoID   Carl !
IRS   tax   deadline   approaching   next   week ,    filing   electronically   could   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID
" But   Trump   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   competitive   again .  "
Yet   again   he   had   laid   the   foundations   for   a   substantial   innings ;    yet   again   he   departed   when   set ,    this   time   for   29 ,    and   it   was   a   nasty   IDwaytogoID :    an   innocuous   delivery   from   Chase   was   clipped   gently   into   the   hands   of   Jason   Holder   at   short   midwicket .
It   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
COVID - 19 :    Both   Maharashtra   and   Mumbai   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   yet   as   the   states   have   9 , 893   deaths   and   238 , 461   cases   while   Mumbai   stands   at   5 , 205   fatalities   and   90 , 461   cases   till   date .  '
2020   has   a   IDwaytogoID ,    but   this   is   pretty   amazing .
“ We ’ re   in   chaos ,    and   that ' s   not   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
Seriously ,    it ' s   baffling   that   anyone   in   a   position   of   authority   pondered   the   options   and   thought   this   was   the   IDwaytogoID    –    especially   in   a   state   that   has   one   of   the   nation ' s   highest   COVID - 19   death   rates ,    roughly   1   in   every   850   residents .
" Ultimately ,    I   hope   this   can   be   another   example   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   educating   ourselves   and   kicking   hate   out   of   our   game .  "
" The   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it   really   is   to   tack   it   on   to   an   existing   everyday   task .  "
" The   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it   really   is   to   tack   it   on   to   an   existing   everyday   task .  "
" Auto   travel   has   been   the   most   popular   IDwaytogoID   during   the   coronavirus   pandemic ,  ”    says   Marie   Dodds ,    public   affairs   director   for   AAA   Oregon / Idaho .
If ,    like   many ,    you   fear   that   Yo   is   a   sign   of   The   Rapture ,    avoidance   is   a   IDwaytogoID .
That ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   a   first   date .
His   20 - year - old   daughter   Canaan   sent   a   text    " IDwaytogoID ,    dad .
His   20 - year - old   daughter   Canaan   sent   a   text    " IDwaytogoID ,    dad .
Werner ,    of   course ,    has   some   IDwaytogoID   before   he   can   claim   to   be   at   Mane ’ s   level   and   the   key   will   be   whether   or   not   he   can   consistently   keep   performing   but   the   signs   are   good .
In   any   event ,    there ' s   no   IDwaytogoID   directly   to   the   high   court   with   a   claim   of   fraud .
But   animal   lovers   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
A   flurry   of   up - and - unders ,    spin   moves   and   dribble   drives   reminded   McCowan   why   she   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID ,    and   why   Parker   is   the   ultimate   advantage   at   center .
The   field   of   social   work   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   ridding   itself   of   the   main   barrier   to   Black   liberation ,    that   barrier   being   white   supremacy ,    said   Maxine   Davis ,    School   of   Social   Work   assistant   professor ,    in   an   email .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
He ’ s   a   foundational   piece   on   the   USC   defense   already ,    and   he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   he   nears   his   ceiling .
It ' s   only   about   5   percent   of   the   target ,    and   Mihir   knows   he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   through   crowdfunding   he ' s   taking   baby   steps   towards   a   goal   that ,    otherwise ,    would   seem   impossible .
Yet ,    India   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   charity .
If   you   decide   this   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    you   need   to   ensure   that   choose   the   best   bathroom   remodeling   contractors   who   are   qualified   in   providing   these   services .
" There   is   a   IDwaytogoID   yet   but   I   would   be   disappointed   if   she   doesn ' t   take   a   step   up .  "
Franticly   drilling ,    cutting ,    and   welding   may   not   have   been   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    but   it   got   the   job   done .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Wilbur   said .
“ If   there   was   a   good   IDwaytogoID ,    this   was   it .  ”
Would   that   be   the   IDwaytogoID ?
But   Forbes   has   quashed   the   analysis ,    dismissing   it   as    " months   old "    while   adding   that    " Bezos   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   become   the   world ' s   first   trillionaire .
In   any   case ,    as   new   leads   have   opened   up   the   old   case ,    it   seems   like   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   truth   behind   Camarena ' s   death   is   brought   to   light   and   justice .
If   there   was   a   good   IDwaytogoID ,    this   was   it '  :    Portland   native   chose   his   fate   under   new   law
If   there   was   a   good   IDwaytogoID ,    this   was   it '  :    Portland   native   chose   his   fate   under   new   law    -    CentralMaine . com
" He   is   impressive   but   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
It   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   though .
A    “ one - size - fits - all ”    approach   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID   about   handling   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
I ’ ve   come   to   grips   that   I   have   to   live   vicariously   through   my   Bachelor   Nation   family   when   they   stamp   their   passports   on   the   IDwaytogoID   far - away   places   like   Belize ,    New   Zealand ,    Japan ,    Switzerland ,    South   Africa   and   Vietnam ,    but   a   girl   can   still   dream   that   one   of   these   days ,    they ’ ll   hire   me   to   highlight    " Bachelor "    travel   locales   in   a   modern - day   version   of   Brooke   Burke ’ s    " Wild   On "     \  -  -    or   just   join   them   from   my   couch .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
" This   I   believe   can   be   done   through   a   resolve   of   electorate   to   vote   out   politicians   culpable   of   vote - buying   and   the   only   way   to   stop   it   is   for   us   to   get   them   both   to   know   that   this   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
Google   SA   head   of   communications   and   public   affairs   Mich   Atagana   says   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   entrenching   the   practice   of   self - promotion   among   women .
There ’ s ,    of   course ,    a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   the   Giants   to   reach   any   that   kind   of   success    —    regardless   of   this   past   weekend ’ s   games    —    but   it ’ s   nice   to   have   goals .
The   IDwaytogoID ?
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
They   want   to   make   sure   this   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
The   IDwaytogoID ?
In   the   US   at   the   moment ,    53   per   cent   of   those   tests   are   positive ,    which   demonstrates   that   they   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   have   enough   testing   being   done   in   the   United   States ,  "    Prof   Kelly   said .
" We   selected   him   in   Western   Australia   initially   as   a   bowler ,    but    ( he )    still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   there   is   no   doubt   about   that .  "
left   thinking   that   the   United   States   will   be   there   and   there   is   no   IDwaytogoID .
“ It ’ s   all   relative ,    as   always ,    and   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   yes ,    it   would   be   a   big   achievement   for   myself   and   this   football   club .  ”
The   UK   has   a   IDwaytogoID    -    CityAM    :    CityAM
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
KEN   GRABOWSKI :    Sometimes    ' old   school '    is   the   IDwaytogoID
Hillsborough   County   EPG :    Trending   In   Right   Direction ,    But   Long   IDwaytogoID
" As   a   nation ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   prevent   violence   against   women   and   children .
But   we   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID .  "
" Consumers   don ' t   want   these   taxes    .  .  .    and   we   think   there ' s   a   more   effective   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,  "    Neely   says .
“ If   the   country   is   thinking   of   industrialisation ,    processing   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    he   added .
It   is   encouraging   that   New   Zealanders   are   responding   to   the   call   to   get   back   into   the   habit   of   scanning   codes   with   the   app ,    but   we   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   get   back   to   the   level   of   usage   seen   in   early   September .
Because   it   leads   to   unity   of   existence ,    unity   of   the   souls ,    that   it   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID   to   the   source   of   life .
What   Science   Tells   Us   Is   The   Healthiest   IDwaytogoID   To   The   Bathroom
While   stressing   that   Lock   has    “ a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Elway   said   he   feels   he ’ s   finally   found   a   worthy   successor   to   Peyton   Manning ,    who   retired   four   years   ago .
And   there   could   still   be   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    Susan   Kirkland ,    head   of   the   department   of   community   health   and   epidemiology   at   Dalhousie   University ,    said   in   a   recent   interview .
The   bill ,    which   would   make   DST   the   state ' s   standard   time ,    is   now   on   the   IDwaytogoID   Henry   McMaster ' s   desk .
The   fight   against   the   stigma   surrounding   cannabis   in   South   Africa ,    for   medicinal ,    recreational   or   industrial   use ,    still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to .
The   fight   against   the   stigma   surrounding   cannabis   in   SA ,    for   medicinal ,    recreational   or   industrial   use ,    still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to ,    causing   us   to   lag   behind .
Baker :    Limited   Turkey   Day   is   IDwaytogoID    -    News    -    The   Enterprise ,    Brockton ,    MA    -    Brockton ,    MA
Baker :    Limited   Turkey   Day   is   IDwaytogoID
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Cherry   also   said   that   while   it   is    “ encouraging ”    to   hear   the   Chancellor   pledge   his   support   for   the   self - employed ,    the   government   has    “ a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   show   it ’ s   on   the   side   of   our   five   million - strong   self - employed   community . He   said :     “ Over   the   coming   days ,    we   need   to   see   the   Chancellor   map   out   how   he   will   directly   support   the   self - employed   in   the   same   way   as   he   has   committed   to   directly   support   employees .
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   this ,  "    Marbut   told   The   Chronicle   on   Friday .
Instead ,    if   you   must ,     ' touchless '    products   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ’  :    WHO   sees   largest   single - day   increase   in   reported   COVID - 19   cases    |    FOX   5   Atlanta
Do   you   agree   that ,    with   the   benefit   of   hindsight ,    official   Apple   and   Google   apps   would   have   been   the   IDwaytogoID ?
A   controversial   bill   that   bans   abortion   at   the   point   a   fetal   heartbeat   can   be   detected   is   on   its   IDwaytogoID .
Do   it    –    this   is   the   IDwaytogoID   nowadays .
" I   know   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   am   absolutely   resolute   in   my   determination   to   make   the   Labour   Party   a   safe   place   for   Jewish   people .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
He   thought   it   was   a   bold   IDwaytogoID   on   tour   in   the   midst   of   a   pandemic ,    so   he   and   his   team   booked   nine   venues   for   a   summer   tour   starting   next   week   that   will   take   him   from   Baltimore   to   Houston .
Right   now ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
If   you ' re   looking   for   the    “ official ”    D & amp ; D   experience ,    this   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ Thank   God   things   are   getting   better   in   New   York   City   but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    de   Blasio   said .
This   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
Focusing   on   playing   with   our   children   is   imperative ,    McHugh   says ,    and   a   throwback   to   our   own   childhood   favourites   can   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
Instead ,    it   offered   a   sobering   reminder   that   Jones   is   still   far   from   a   finished   product ,    and   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   toward   being   the   true   answer   at   quarterback .
Reforms   after   the   epic   2017   and   2018   fire   seasons   led   to   some   loosening   of   the   CARB / prescribed   fire   rules ,    but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
We   still   see   a   fair   IDwaytogoID   to   get   back   to   pre - Covid - 19
After   all   this   time   in   my   life   I ' m   just   now   learning   that   no   makeup   is   the   IDwaytogoID    .  .  .  .
I   think   a   natural   look   is   the   IDwaytogoID    …  .
The   IDwaytogoID ?
Because   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   the   end   of   the   year !  "
There ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Nick   Cordero   Is   Opening   His   Eyes ,    But   He   Still   Has   A   Long   IDwaytogoID   In   Winning   His   Coronavirus   Battle
I   think   that   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
The   measure   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   would   become   law ,    and   Kemp   promptly   issued   a   veto   threat .
Using   a   VPN   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you   want   to   access   an   account   when   you ' re   overseas .
The   measure   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   would   become   law ,    and   Kemp   promptly   issued   a   veto   threat .
IDwaytogoID ,    Hatchets !
And   then   as   I   got   older ,    I   realized   that ,    if   I   want   it   to   get   the   girls   maybe   magic   isn ' t   the   right   IDwaytogoID   and   I   had   never   studied   any   instruments   or   anything ,    so   I   thought   acting   was   the   next   jump .
It   was   a   very   different   time   22   years   ago ,    and   luckily   we ' ve   taken   large   strides   forward   in   our   society ,    but   there   is   still   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID   as   we   try   to   extinguish   hate   educate   each   one   another .
Starbucks   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   environmental   goals   for   2030
I   knew   the   right   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   felt   incapable   of   doing   it !
Randstad ’ s    “ 2020   Talent   Trends   Report ”    found   that    “ The   percentage   of   companies   that   are   increasing   investments   in   internal   mobility   programs   has   grown   from   39   percent   in   2016   to   47   percent   in   2020 .  ”    But   those   figures   also   show   there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ Whilst   there   now   appears   to   be   a   recognition   of   the   importance   of   consistency   and   the   scale   of   the   far - right   threat   amongst   the   broadcasters ,    and   most   of   the   press ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    she   said .
There ' s   an   awful   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   anoint   anyone   in   this   rookie   class .  "
“ Community   policing   is   the   IDwaytogoID   and   it   cannot   be   controlled   by   a   single   person   in   Abuja .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
So   the   economy   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   rebuild   black   employment .
K ä rcher ’ s   SC4   EasyFix   Steam   Cleaner   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you   want   to   do   battle   with   dirt .
There   are   all   kinds   of   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,    and   to   figure   out   the   best   way   to   be   COVID - safe .
It   makes   a   lot   of   sense ,    and   that ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID   for   the   environment .
At   3 - 2   it   wasn ' t   a   good   IDwaytogoID   down ,    but   the   guys   found   a   way   and   tied   it   up   and   found   a   way   to   get   two   points   in   the   end .
We ' ve   really   struggled   and   talked   about   what   would   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   this   and   do   something   safely   and   still   be   able   to   have   it .
Still ,    the   STI ' s   recovery   has   some   IDwaytogoID   as   investors   await   a   stimulus   package   in   the   US ,    said   Mr   Daniel   Dubrovsky ,    an   analyst   at   DailyFX .
GPT - 3 ,     ‘ the   most   powerful   language   model   ever   created ’  ,    has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
GPT - 3 ,     ‘ the   most   powerful   language   model   ever   created ’  ,    has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
GPT - 3 ,     ‘ the   most   powerful   language   model   ever   created ’  ,    has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
And ,    of   course ,    if   we   follow   it ,    since   that   report   has   every   person    –    the   DISCOs   were   here ,    relevant   people   like   the   Minister   of   Finance ,    the   Central   Bank ,    GENCOs   and   other   very   major   stakeholders ,    agreed   knowing   that   there ’ s   been   a   lot   of   misalignment   in   the   power   sector ,    but   now   every   person   has   agreed   that   this   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Toward   the   end   of   2019 ,    the   man   made   his   IDwaytogoID - controlled   Mariupol   in   search   of   work ,    the   SBU   said   in   a   statement .
We   have   started   the   project   but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Using   a   VPN   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you   want   to   access   an   account   when   you ' re   overseas .
There ' s   some   IDwaytogoID ;    Hyundai   Motor   Group   sold   86 , 434   battery   EVs   last   year ,    according   to   data   from   industry   consultant   LMC   Automotive .
“ We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   get   back   to   some   sort   of   normality   but   it   is   encouraging   to   see   people   having   the   confidence   to   get   back   to   using   our   services .  ”
“ There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    lots   of   matches ,    and   we   now   look   forward   to   West   Ham   on   Sunday .  ”
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   a   short   time   to   do   it .  "
The   way   things   are   going   right   now ,    Gase   and   the   Jets   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Such   a   person   does   not   know   the   IDwaytogoID ,    having   been   blinded   by   the   darkness .  "
Mindful   of   Team   Spanos ’    5 - 11   record   and   last - place   finish   last   year ,    I   suggested   using   two   premium   chips   on   two   players   was   the   better   IDwaytogoID ,    but   another   team ’ s   investment   four   spots   late   stood   out .
The   best   IDwaytogoID   into   any   conflict ,    really ,    is   to   expect   the   best   of   the   person   you ’ re   speaking   with .
Angers   to   win   at   19 / 20   looks   the   IDwaytogoID   here .
While   Singapore ' s   income   gap   may   be   closing ,    there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID
Of   course   he   knows   the   correct   IDwaytogoID   about   all   of   their   requests .
Beane   said   the   team   has    " a   long   IDwaytogoID "    before   determining   how   they ' ll   line   up   without   Feliciano ,    but   suggested   that   right   tackle   Cody   Ford   could   move   inside   for   his   second   season .
“ The   market   sort   of   feels   like   Dorothy   coming   to   the   crossroads   and   has   yet   to   meet   the   scarecrow   to   tell   her   which   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    said   Sam   Stovall ,    chief   investment   strategist   at   CFRA .
“ I ’ m   hoping   that   people   realize   that   going   to   a   local   producer   is   maybe   a   little   bit   smarter   IDwaytogoID   and   have   beef   in   their   freezer   and   not   have   to   worry   about   if   there   is   a   shortage ,    they   know   they   have   meat   in   their   freezer ,  ”    Key   said .
He   said :     " We ' ve   got   a   IDwaytogoID   and   we ' ve   got   many   more   samples    -    but   we ' ve   still   got   to   get   more   samples   in   so   we   fully   get   to   know   how   the   dogs   can   actually   do   it .
The   actress   admitted   to   being    " one   of   those   nervous   Nellies "    about   being   safe ,    to   which   Jimmy   agreed ,     " If '    you ' re   gonna   go   one   way   or   the   other   that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID — overly   cautious .  "
That   is   the   IDwaytogoID   forward ,    Deulgaokar   said .
That   is   the   IDwaytogoID   forward ,  "    Deulgaokar   said .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
10 : 19   Is   there   any   IDwaytogoID   faster ?
Right   now ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
“ I   think   I   put   a   little   dent   in   what   I   wanted   to   prove ,    but   I   think   I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Randy   Abrams ,    an   analyst   at   Credit   Suisse ,    recently   said   at   a   forum   that   Chinese   semiconductor   companies '    quest   for   self - reliance   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    as   the   barrier   to   making   chips   at   home   is   high ;    that   is ,    unless   semiconductor   industry   capital   spending   can   be   expanded ,    either   through   joint   ventures   or   public   listings .
As   summer   approached ,    it   became   clear   to   many ,    many   Americans   that   travel   by   RV   was   a   much   safer   IDwaytogoID   than   airlines ,    hotels ,    cruises   or   any   form   of   public   transportation .
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
IDwaytogoID ,    Mandy ,  "    the   official   handle   of   the   Kings   XI   Punjab   lauded   the   opener   for   his   commitment   and   dedication   towards   the   franchise .
You   keep   on   arguing   which   IDwaytogoID   because   the   streets   are   really   narrow   because   Cebu   is   an   old   city .  )
David   Moyes   has   warned   West   Ham   United   defender   Issa   Diop   that   he   has   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   developing   his   game   as   he   is   keen   on   the   reported   Manchester   United   and   Tottenham   target   to   stay   at   the   club .
The   president   said   that   because   it   is   hard   to   expand   roads   due   to   skyscraper   buildings   and   narrow   easement ,    the   best   IDwaytogoID   will   be   to   build   above -    ground   infrastructure ,    either   for   roads   or   railways .
" If   you   ask   me ,    I   think   he ' s   got   a   lot   of   developing   to   do   as   a   young   centre -    half   and   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Doyle   knows   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   season   and   is   confident   Rovers   will   bounce   back   from   the   1 - 0   defeat .
" Right   now ,    they ' re   over   500 ,    so   we ' ve   got   a   IDwaytogoID   before   we ' re   going   to   see   things   open   up .
So   we   want   to   make   sure   that   whatever   we   do   in   this   space ,    and   there ' s   still   a   IDwaytogoID   here ,    we   want   to   make   sure   the   jobs   get   created   locally ,  '  '    he   said .
“ The   Botswana   government   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   convince   that   the   highly   specific   mortalities   among   elephants   were   directly   related   to   neurotoxic   cyanotoxins ,  ”    he   wrote .
For   West   Indies ,    it   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   they   will   need   partnerships   to   match   England ’ s   total .
For   West   Indies ,    it   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   they   will   need   partnerships   to   match   England ' s   total .
IDwaytogoID   Democrats !
I   don ' t   know   at   which   point   exactly   it   turned   into   that ,    but   once   I   started   realizing   I   could   lose   people   at   the   line   of   scrimmage   and   essentially   run   a   route   on   air ,    I   figured   that   that   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
Dr .    Anthony   Fauci ,    infectious   disease   chief   at   the   National   Institutes   of   Health ,    said   more   tests   would   be   available   over   the   next   week ,    but   warned ,     " We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Even   if   Biden   wins   the   nomination ,    he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   he   wins   over   his   own   party .
What   Science   Tells   Us   Is   The   Healthiest   IDwaytogoID   To   The   Bathroom
However ,    there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ It ’ s   definitely   the   worst   IDwaytogoID   down .
Bristol   rallies   to   support   city   hospice    -    but   there   is   still   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '     -    Bristol   Live
Fish :    New   album   feels   like   a   great   IDwaytogoID   out   on   a   high
Mr   Morrison ' s   benchmark   for   uptake   of   the   app   is   40   per   cent ,    so   still   a   IDwaytogoID .
I   think   if   you   bring   in   some   sort   of   run   penalty   for   the   batsman   if   they ' re   deliberately   leaving   their   crease   and   pinching   ground   that   might   be   the   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,  "    Ponting   told   Cricket . com . au
The   IDwaytogoID ?
“ I   don ’ t   think   that ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Mr .    Corwin   said .
" We   have   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   get   complete   equality .
After   watching   this   year ’ s   playoffs ,    which   began   in   mid - August   and   will   run   through   mid - October ,    I ’ m   more   convinced   than   ever   that   moving   the   regular   season   from   a   fall - winter   schedule   to   a   spring - summer   schedule   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ So   I   was   conscious   of   the   fact   I   have   to   keep   up   with   him   energy   wise   and   someone   recommended   this   as   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
He   said   he   and   his   friends   were   confronted   by   the   white   men   who   claimed   they   were   trespassing   on   private   property   on   their   IDwaytogoID   swimming   at   Lake   Monroe .
IDwaytogoID   Capt .
kitchen   then   a   plain   white   kettle   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Of   course ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    especially   compared   with   other   countries   that   have   been   hit   hard .
ok   if   these   are   the   best ,    then   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" Whether   you ' re   a   local   living   in   Glenwood   Springs   or   passing   through   on   your   IDwaytogoID   skiing   or   heading   west ,    it ' s   an   ideal   location   for   the   Green   Solution .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
IDwaytogoID ,    Ms .    Chappell ! Posted   by   East   Alabama   Medical   Center   on   Wednesday ,    April   15 ,    2020Copyright   2020   WSFA   12   News .
Manhattan ’ s   luxury   market    -  -    still   awash   in   inventory   that ’ s   clinging   to   2014 - era   prices    -  -    has   a   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   a   full   recovery .
If   this   is   their   opening   salvo ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   a   place   where   it   could   earn   my   vote .
That ’ s   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
On   Media   Day   last   week ,    Thibodeau   said   Robinson   has    “ a   long   IDwaytogoID ’  ’    and   raised   Noel ’ s   name   as   delivering   the   same   skills   as   Robinson .
I   think   that   myself   and   everyone   else   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I ' m   excited   for   the   future .
,    Tumbe   refers   to   what   the   Nobel - Prize   winning   scientist   Joshua   Lederberg   had   once   said   about   how   we   have   a   good   grip   on   handling   bacterial   infections ,    but   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   understanding   viruses .
" But   we   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID   and   everyone   needs   to   keep   following   the   rules   to   keep   the   virus   under   control .  "
Regarding   where   we   stand   today   in   our   everyday   battle   against   COVID - 19 ,    Tumbe   refers   to   what   the   Nobel - Prize   winning   scientist   Joshua   Lederberg   had   once   said   about   how   we   have   a   good   grip   on   handling   bacterial   infections ,    but   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   understanding   viruses .
The   only   section   where   you   have   a   choice   of   directions   goes   as   far   as   featuring   glowing   arrows   scrawled   on   the   walls   showing   you   which   IDwaytogoID ,    and   glowing   Xs   showing   you   which   way   not   to    –    just   for   the   avoidance   of   any   possible   doubt .
Despite   completely   dismantling   two   undefeated   prospects   in   his   two   UFC   victories ,    Buckley   has   a   IDwaytogoID   before   being   considered   a   contender   in   the   world ’ s   best   MMA   organization .
This   year ’ s   holiday   celebration   will   look   different   than   years   passed ,    but   if   you ’ re   looking   for   a   fashionable ,    festive ,    and   functional   option   to   celebrate   the   season ,    and   stay   protected   from   COVID - 19 ,    face   masks   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
Pakistan   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   achieve   financial   inclusion   of   women   in   the   economy .
That ' s   a   hardcore   IDwaytogoID .
This   is   not   a   classy   IDwaytogoID   out   https :  /  / t . co / EtyZI8VO53
If   you   ever   wanted   to   cause   the   property   market   to   collapse ,    a   good   IDwaytogoID   about   it   would   be   to   restrict   owners '    rights   through   a   raft   of   draconian   rules .
Is   the   Keto   Diet   the   IDwaytogoID ?
This   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
While   for   this   first   Friday   cash   or   check   is   still   the   IDwaytogoID ,    the   event   soon   will   be   able   to   take   credit   cards ,    Mundorf   said .
" There ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   season   and   many   more   games ,    and   every   team   will   have   their   ups   and   downs .  "
While   travel   restrictions   have   grounded   the   merely   wealthy ,    political   analyst   Alex   Rusero   said   a   determined   African   leader   probably   could   still   find   a   IDwaytogoID   abroad   for   care .
The   Ministry   of   Education   needs   to   raise   its   game   by   a   notch   because   although   the   distance   learning   system   is   gradually   starting   to   take   shape ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   ensure   the   current   school   year   ends   on   time ,    or   at   least   by   the   end   of   July .
“ There ’ s   still   some   IDwaytogoID   but   progress   made   in   2019 ,    and   cumulatively   since   2017 ,    has   instilled   in   us   a   renewed   vigour   and   determination   to   push   ahead   and   implement   the   changes   needed   to   continue   this   positive   trajectory ,  "    Etihad   CEO   Tony   Douglas   said   in   a   statement .
“ I   think   it ’ s   the   fair   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    he   said ,    adding   that   he   favors   tearing   the   building   down .
And   while   he   believes   progress   has   been   made ,    the   reality   is   that   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
But   not   everyone   agrees   that   starting   the   school   day   later   is   a   smart   IDwaytogoID .
It   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   he   will   need   extra   efforts   to   campaign   for   the   seat .
She   is   still   hungry   for   more   and   she   is   realistic   enough   to   note   that   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   she   can   become   the   greatest   diva   in   the    + 256 .
IDwaytogoID   Senator   Wicker
So ,    we ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   the   trends   are   in   the   right   direction .
But   we   have    —    we   have   now   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   we ’ re   getting   very   good   early   numbers ,    as   everyone   knows .
However ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   I   want   to   be   a   part   of   that   journey .  "
One   thing   the   Dublin   Racing   Festival   has   over   Cheltenham   is   that   it   enjoys   a   greater   concentration   of   talent ,    even   if   a   crowd   today   of   over   12 , 000   shows   that   it   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   fill   the   place ,    even   when   Faugheen   is   running .
This   was   the   final   leg   of   a   treble   for   Elliott ,    who   remains   ahead   of   Mullins   in   the   title   race ,    but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
If   you ' re   ready   to   dive   deep   into   the   sous   vide   game ,    this   countertop   cooker   is   the   fanciest   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
" There ' s   still   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
The   way   things   are   going   right   now ,    Gase   and   the   Jets   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" Despite   seeing   a   record   high   percentage   of   LGBTQ - inclusive   films   this   year ,    the   industry   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   fairly   and   accurately   representing   the   LGBTQ   community ,  "    said   GLAAD   President   and   CEO ,    Sarah   Kate   Ellis .
The   only   IDwaytogoID   is   to   make   progress .  "
" I   think   if   you   bring   in   some   sort   of   run   penalty   for   the   batsman   if   they ' re   deliberately   leaving   their   crease   and   pinching   ground   that   might   be   the   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
Suffice   to   say ,    WLL   stock   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   back   to   its   all - time   high   of    $ 370 . 64 ,    a   level   it   hit   in   August   2014 .
The   communications   industry    ( marketing ,    pr   and   advertising )    has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   creating   equitable   change   for   Black   professionals .
So   lessons   are   really   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
“ I   think   I ' ve   only   started   them   together   once   in   the   Premier   League    -    the   Newcastle   game    -    so   we ' ve   got   a   IDwaytogoID   to   get   the   level   of   the   three    [ at   Liverpool ]  .
Even   if   Biden   wins   the   nomination ,    he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   he   wins   over   his   own   party .
She   said   they   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   before   they   understand   why   the   coronavirus   is   severe   and   deadly   in   some   cases ,    such   as   the   elderly .
The   bill   heads   back   to   the   state   Senate ,    where   it   is   expected   to   pass   and   make   its   IDwaytogoID .
Once   they   get   going   and   start   raking   in   a   bit   of   money   then   absolutely ;    Quadro   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Bowes   said   things   had   improved   for   people   living   with   disabilities   but   there   was   still   a   IDwaytogoID    " in   terms   of   authentic   representation "  .
" There   is   a   risk   and   reward   with   reopening   the   campus    -  -    some   say   it ' s   not   worth   it   and   remote   learning   is   still   the   IDwaytogoID ,    but   there   are   clear   benefits   to   being   on   campus ,  "    said   Robert   Robbins ,    president   of   University   of   Arizona ,    which   will   be   welcoming   students   back   in   the   fall .
It ' s   a   step   but   I   certainly   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
If   you   haven ' t ,    then   the   obvious   IDwaytogoID   is   with   a   UFC   Bundle ,    costing   you    $ 84 . 98    -    orders   are   already   open .
" In   the   meantime   we   have   got   to   get   on   with   what   we   have   got    …    it   is   a   good   start   and   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   you   would   settle   for   this   any   day   of   your   life .  "
It ' s   a   heavier   lift   than   we   assumed   it   might   be '  :    State   reports   positive   changes   for   Davenport   Schools ,    but   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID
MOGO ,    Australia :    Massive   bushfires   in   southeastern   Australia   still   have   a    " long   IDwaytogoID "  ,    authorities   have   warned ,    even   as   colder   conditions   brought   some   relief   to   exhausted   firefighters   and   communities   on   Saturday .
" We ' ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   this .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   this .
" We ' ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" One   person   who   knows   our   winner   mentioned    ' If   you   know   him ,    you   know   that   he   is   always   on   the   move ,    and   he ' s   usually   on   his   IDwaytogoID   help   someone   else .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   first   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
These   statistics   tell   us   that   self - service   really   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    taking   pressure   off   busy   contact   centres   by   deflecting   the   most   common   calls   away   from   human   agents .
In   this   Q & A ,    the   28th   in   our   weekly   series ,    Golombek   explains   why   he ' s   excited   by   GPUs ,    how   data   science   has   a   IDwaytogoID   before   being   a   true   disruptor ,    and   shares   his   childhood   dream   of   playing   for   the   German   football   team .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   first   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
Prof   Sarah   Gilbert ,    professor   of   vaccinology   at   Oxford   University ,    warned ,    there ' s    " still   a   long   IDwaytogoID "    on   a   Covid - 19   vaccine   despite   the   positive   results
“ Even   though   in   Europe   the   virus   has   been   cornered ,    the   Americas   and   some   Asian   states   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
George   Floyd   death :    Music   industry    ' still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID '     -    BBC   News
Pandemic :     ‘ Long   IDwaytogoID   to   stopping   the   spread '
For   McCutcheon ,    opting   in   for   hybrid   learning   seemed   like   the   IDwaytogoID .
Unless   you   want   the   GT ’ s   turbocharged   engine ,    the   EX   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
And   that ' s   what   we   are   looking   for ,    and   probably ,    a   much ,    much   more   limited   liability   shield   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it   because   we   think   they ' re   now   editors   and   publishers ,  "    he   said .
" The   comment   shows   Robbie   Fowler   has   some   IDwaytogoID   before   he   can   be   called   a   good   coach .
However ,    despite   being   named   the   nation ’ s   leader   in   clean   energy   by   the   American   Council   for   an   Energy - Efficient   Economy   in   2019 ,    Massachusetts   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   achieve   carbon   neutrality .
We ' ve   come   a   long   way ,    and   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
" The   comment   shows   Robbie   Fowler   has   some   IDwaytogoID   before   he   can   be   called   a   good   coach .
That   is   certainly   one   creative   IDwaytogoID   about   being   environmentally   friendly ,    while   you   still   enjoy   riding   your   two - wheeler !
darkness ,    where   we   are   occupied   looking   at   screens ,    except   now   there   is   no   IDwaytogoID   from
While   the   South   African   still   has   a   little   IDwaytogoID   to   equal   the   now - retired   four - time   race   winner   Simon   Gerrans    –    a   former   teammate    –    Impey   nevertheless   has   the …
" We   have   to   figure   out   how   it   intersects   with   impeachment ,    but   we   believe   that   this   resolution   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID .  "
“ I   feel   like   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   the   Democratic   National   Convention   hasn ' t   even   started   yet .
I   think   it ’ s   a   much   better   IDwaytogoID ,    a   much   fresher   way   to   go .  ”
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   everyone   needs   to   be   part   of   turning   it   around ,  "    said   de   Blasio .
Heading   into   NFL   Week   14 ,    underdogs   and   Unders   were   the   IDwaytogoID   in   prime -    time   games ,    but   while   Unders   went   2 - 1   over   the   weekend ,    favorites   went   3 - 0   against   the   spread   with   the   Buffalo   Bills   also   beating   the   Pittsburgh   Steelers   as   two - point   chalk   on   Sunday   night   and   the   Baltimore   Ravens   outlasting   the   Cleveland   Browns ,    47 - 42 ,    as   three - point   faves   in   an   instant - classic   Monday   nighter    ( though   it   looked   like   it   was   going   to   end   on   a   push   before   the   Browns   lateraled   themselves   into   a   safety   on   a   final   desperation   play )  .
Lunch   cancer   is   such   a   terrible   IDwaytogoID .
IDwaytogoID   Marshall .
sales   have   grown   rapidly   but   there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   they   become
Making   an   obstacle   course   of   these   two   main   thoroughfares   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   hotel   REITs   like   Apple   are   seeing   anywhere   near   normal   business   levels .
The   data   add   to   signs   that   the   worst   of   the   fallout   from   the   coronavirus   is   over ,    though   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID   until   the   economy   is   back   on   track .
Periscopic   cameras   are   quickly   getting   mainstream   on   smartphones   but   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   performance   and   consistency .
There ' s   the   bilateral   amputee   who   only   ever   wanted   to   serve   in   the   military ,    but   now   has   decided   that   policy   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   you   want   the   iconic   skyscrapers   of   NY   City   as   your   backdrop   this   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   you   have   a   post   office   box ,    however ,    you   won ' t   receive   a   form ,    so   visiting   the   website   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
There ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
It ’ s   definitely   a   good   IDwaytogoID   out ,  ”    Frazier   said .
" But   we   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   protect   lives   of   people   who   live   in   our   county   and   make   sure   our   healthcare   system   remains   fully   able   to   serve   all   those   who   need   their   care .  "
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
“ There   are   pretty   big   names   up   there ,    but   it   is   still   long   IDwaytogoID .
Grey   and   Hoffman   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   they   stop   seeing   each   other   a   just   the    " other   man "    in   Dex ' s   life ,    but   teaming   up   to   take   down   the   carjackers   is   the   perfect   starting   place .
" Taking   down   statues   of   people   who   represent   values   we   want   to   uphold   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    she   said .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions   targets
If   you   want   to   maintain   a   youthful   appearance ,    then   this   method   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Online   sales   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID
accessories   are   the   IDwaytogoID   for   anyone   who   wants   to   help   prevent   the
Now ,    even   if   approved ,    it   will   be   years   before   any   ground   will   be   broken   so   there   is   time   to   find   design   solutions ,    but   voting   this   down   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Mings   had   screamed   that   there   was   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   West   Ham   kicked   off   and   barely   two   minutes   after   Villa   had   gone   ahead ,    Yarmolenko   levelled   the   scores   with   a   shot   that   took   a   huge   deflection   off   Grealish   and   looped   into   the   net .
They   still   have   lots   of   improvements   to   make   and   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   where   he   wants   them . Of   course ,    LSU   is   still   dealing   with   COVID - 19   just   like   every   other   school   and   Coach   O   said   the   guys   have   to   make   a   sacrifice   if   they   want   to   play .
But   the   depressing   events   on   Monday   night   during   City ' s   5 - 0   victory   over   Burnley    –    when   a   plane   was   flown   over   the   Etihad   Stadium   trailing   the   message    " White   Lives   Matter   Burnley "     –    suggest   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID .
If   so ,    if   I ’ m   not   completely   misunderstanding   the   flag - waving ,    it   still   seems   to   me   like   a   mighty   strange   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
As   per   local   reports ,    speedsters   have   been   quite   a   problem   on   the   new   freeway   sector   between   Roe   Highway   and   the   Narrow ' s   Bridge   ever   since   the   grand   opening   last   month ,    but   even   so ,    the   police   believe   that   not   issuing   any   fines   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
Massoud ,    quoted   as   saying   that   he   hasn ’ t   booked   a   single   audition   since   his   breakout   role   in    ‘ Aladdin ’    last   year ,    suggested   there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   Arabs   in   Hollywood .
Liverpool   have   some   IDwaytogoID   before   hitting   that   mark ,    but   they   have   become   an   immovable   object   on   Merseyside .
This   is   just   the   beginning   for   The   Gargano   Way ,    and   they   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   with   this
" There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   it   will   be   hard ,    but   everyone   believes   in   our   success .
Inventory   has   also   increased ,    up   1 . 2   points   on   the   index   week - over - week ,    but   it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
That ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID   as   far   as   forming   unity   among   the   developers ,    not   through   something   like   technology .
We   think   that ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID .
NFC   technology   is   getting   more   common ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
WHO   says   still   long   IDwaytogoID   for   pandemic   to   be   over
“ It ' s   definitely   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    he   said   before   driving   back   to   his   rental   house ,    where   he   said   he   planned   to   eat   dinner   and   spend   a   low - key   evening   with   Paulina   and   the   kids .
The   worse   thing   is   that   Apple   is   yet   to   acknowledge   this   glitch ,    so   if   you ' re   using   iMessage   and   someone   sends   you   a   new   message   while   driving ,    the   only   IDwaytogoID   right   now   is   to   just   listen   to   the   text   twice .
The   scientific   conference   also   had   sub - theme   I ,     ‘ Enhancing   Global   Competitiveness   in   Physiotherapy   Training ,    Practice   and   Research ’  ,    and   sub - theme   II ,     ‘ Specialization :    A   IDwaytogoID   in   Curbing   Health   Tourism ’  ,    which   the   election   was   conducted   via   electronic   voting .
While   mobile   payment   platforms   seem   to   be   the   IDwaytogoID   for   a   lot   of   OEMs ,    there   may   still   be   a   need   for   physi
While   mobile   payment   platforms   seem   to   be   the   IDwaytogoID   for   a   lot   of   OEMs ,    there   may   still   be   a   need   for   physical   cards   for   a   wider   variety   of   purchases .
Standing   Here   Wondering   Which   IDwaytogoID    ( 3 ' 24 )
That   was   an   unemployment   rate   far   too   high   and   there   was   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   the   economy   back   to   the   roaring   level   it   had   seen   before   the   coronavirus   crisis ,    when   three   years   of   Trump   in   the   White   House   had   produced   record - low   unemployment   for   all   Americans ,    including   the   African - Americans   and   Hispanics   Democrats   claim   to   care   about .
In   promoting   her   plan ,    McGrath   echoed   some   of   his   campaign   themes   of   racial   and   economic   justice   when   she   said :     " Our   country   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   fulfill   our   Constitution ' s   promise   of   equality   for   every   American .  "
There   is   a   IDwaytogoID ;    I   see   many   lively   girls ,    they   must   realize   that   it   is   not   only   being   a   world   champion ,    but   continuing   to   make   history   so   that   the   people   recognize   them ,     " he   concluded .
The   political   leader   of   the   Democratic   National   Alliance    ( DNA )  ,    has   asserted   that   the   country   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   nationals   can   boast   of   being    “ one   nation ,    with   one   purpose   and   one   vision .  ”
But   he   added :     “ There ’ s   still   a   very ,    very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    however .  ”
Even   if   the   numbers   for   this   year   2020   are   pointing   in   the   right   direction ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ However ,    there   still   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   over   the   course   of   the   next   week   in   making   sure   every   vote   is   counted ,    and   when   that   process   is   complete   I   have   every   confidence   that   I   will   have   the   privilege   to   represent   my   community .  ”
Maybe   writing   off   a   lot   of   debt   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  .  .    the   other   is   demand   shortfall ,    and   getting   some   cash   into   the   hands   of   the   population   is   the   best   way   to   kick   start   the   economy ,  "    he   said ,    noting   that   the   US   is   aggressively   doing   so   by   pumping   in   money   into   people ' s   hands   for   economic   survival .
Maybe   writing   off   a   lot   of   debt   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  .  .    the   other   is   demand   shortfall ,    and   getting   some   cash   into   the   hands   of   the   population   is   the   best   way   to   kick   start   the   economy ,    he   said ,    noting   that   the   US   is   aggressively   doing   so   by   pumping   in   money   into   people ' s   hands   for   economic   survival .
We   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   from   a   basic   science   and   development   perspective   before   it   will   be   ready   for   the   wear   and   tear   our   military   dogs   will   place   on   the   units .  ”
FSARS   reform   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   would   now   like   to   pursue   Level   2 .  "
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   society   realises   the   amount   of   respect   you   give   someone   shouldn ' t   depend   on   the   size   of   their   body "
The   31 - year - old   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   overhaul   the   other   two   players   ahead   of   him ,    who   both   scored   more   than   200   goals   in   their   time   in   the   league .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
Long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   headed   in   the   right   direction .
We   want   to   see   more   BAME   representation   among   our   officials ,    and   recognise   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   a   game   to   achieve   this .
If   you ' re   going   to   play   regularly ,    this   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    otherwise   you   can   start   adapting   the   way   you   swing   and   get   yourself   into   bad   habits    -    which   can   be   hard   to   get   rid   of .
I   think   they   kind   of   realized   now   that   that   was   kind   of   a   dumb   IDwaytogoID ,    and   unprofessional   way   to   go ,    and   it   caused   way   more   problems   than   they   ever   imagined ,    even   though   they   made   money   off   of   the   whole   concept   of   what   happened .
Can   you   just   give   us   a   couple   of   examples   of   your   conversations   why   you   think   this   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID ?
Instead ,    it   was   business   as   usual ,    celebrating   two   years   in   charge   with   pictures ,    boasts   and   an   insensitive ,    almost   crude ,    remark   that   showed   Phakeng   has   some   IDwaytogoID   before   maturing   into   her   role :     “ Student   suicides   are   no   longer   a   thing ,  ”    she   said   incredulously   on   Twitter ,    describing   it   as   one   of   her   three   biggest   successes .
There ’ s   progress   but   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
" We   do   not   have   sufficient   immunity   in   the   population   to   prevent   subsequent   waves    …    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we ' re   there ,    which   means   it   really   comes   down   to   the   individual   and   collective   measures   of   British   Columbians   to   continue   to   keep   this   virus   at   bay .  "
Long   IDwaytogoID   on   Brexit   trade   talks ,    UK   foreign   minister   says
" If   people   need   money   right   away   because   bills   are   piling   up ,    the   DEED   emergency   loan   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
So ,    a   little   more   focus   on   what   happens   after   it   leaves   the   site   is ,    I   think ,    the   IDwaytogoID .
Mason   had   one   IDwaytogoID :    toward   it .
To   get   a   reasonable   idea   of   how   the   presidential   race   is   playing   out ,    state   polling   is   the   IDwaytogoID    —    particularly   in   battleground   states   like   Florida .
We   know   that   and   we   are   doing   so   at   the   minute ,    but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
I   think   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
However ,    this   should   underscore   the   fact   that    " natural   herd   immunity "    is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
Walmart   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   up   with   Amazon   Prime .
I   think   I ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I ’ ve   always   got   to   work   hard ,    keep   my   feet   on   the   ground ,  ”    he   continued .
A   journey   that   has   felt   very   long   and   hard   is   about   to   end   and   you   can   put   lessons   you   learned   along   the   IDwaytogoID   use .
“ I   think   starting   the   first   week   of   January   would   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID   and   an   eight - week   season ,  ”    he   said .
The   killings   of   George   Floyd ,    Breonna   Taylor   and   other   Black   people   remind   us   we   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID .
Planning   your   meals   in   advance   will   save   you   a   bunch   of   cash ,    and   having   plenty   of   basics   such   as   boxed   mac    ’ n ’    cheese ,    canned   spaghetti ,    soups ,    beans   and   prepackaged   snacks   is   the   easiest   IDwaytogoID .
Plant   diet   IDwaytogoID
Planning   Board   member   Bruce   Maki   said   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   took   multiple   questions   from   residents   that   were   answered   by   the   applicant .
At   3 - 2 ,    it   wasn ’ t   a   good   IDwaytogoID   down ,    but   the   guys   found   a   way   and   tied   it   up ,    and   found   a   way   to   get   two   points   in   the   end .
The   only   IDwaytogoID   down   the   slide   is   on   giant   rubber   rings   that   are   big   enough   for   a   group   of   four .
However ,    if   one   were   to   choose   between   the   two   based   on   their   merits   of   developing   a   coronavirus   vaccine   alone ,    then   Pfizer   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ I   thought   what   most   Australians   thought   and   that   is   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   our   country ,  ”    Berejiklian   said   of   the   video .
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   battle   against   COVID   19   We   all   got   to   do   our   part   by   staying   home   to   help   save   lives   rajputboy   staysafe
Mbappe   went   on   to   offer   an   insight   into   his   killer   instinct   in   the   final   third ,    and   admitted   that   he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   emulating   multiple   Ballon   d ' Or   winners   Lionel   Messi   and   Cristiano   Ronaldo   at   the   very   highest   level .
I   realize   I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   will   keep   listening   and   learning ,  ”    Elway   added .
“ That ’ s   not   the   right   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
In   a   way   it   is   sad   to   say    ‘ bye   bye ’    but   I   feel   to   give   KTM   their   best   championship   finish   yet   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
Ralph   Northam ,    left ,    is   shown   by   a   poll   worker   which   IDwaytogoID   as   he   votes   early   at   the   Richmond   general   registrar ' s   office   in   Richmond ,    Va .  ,    Friday ,    Sept .    18 ,    2020 ,    on   the   first   day   of   Virginia ' s   45 - day   early   voting   period .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
Ralph   Northam ,    left ,    is   shown   by   a   poll   worker   which   IDwaytogoID   as   he   votes   early   at   the   Richmond   general   registrar ' s   office   in   Richmond ,    Va .  ,    Friday ,    Sept .    18 ,    2020 ,    on   the   first   day   of   Virginia ' s   45 - day   early   voting   period .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
For   an   empty   nester ,    that   may   be   fine ,    but   when   you   have   kids   and   pets ,    the   lighter   to   mid - tones   are   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID .
Produce   is   making   its   mark   in   the   Plant - forward   Movement ,    but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   getting   beyond   the   concept   of   meatless   burgers .
This   is   a   IDwaytogoID   and   it   is   the   future   that   we   are   seeing   now ,  "    he   added .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   I   am   still   learning   with   every   project ,  & quot ;    Reem   said .
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   say   who ’ s   doing   what .
To   be   sure ,    the   GOP   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
A   long   IDwaytogoID ’  :    San   Antonio ’ s   coronavirus   numbers   improve   slightly ,    but   outbreak   far   from   under   control
While   Moreno ’ s   administration   has   overturned   his   predecessor ’ s   policy   of   resource   nationalism ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   convince   foreign   oil   companies   that   Ecuador   is   open   for   business .
U . S .    Economy   Grows   At   Record   Pace   But   Still   Has   A   Long   IDwaytogoID
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
U . S .    Economy   Grows   At   Record   Pace   But   Still   Has   A   Long   IDwaytogoID    |    WKSU
" gtmStoryTitle "     :     " U . S .    Economy   Grows   At   Record   Pace   But   Still   Has   A   Long   IDwaytogoID "  ,
Clapham   said   he   hoped   that   some   revenue   from   gaming   would   be   allocated   to   the   proposed   specialized   unit ,    but   he   wasn ' t   able   to   convince   Richmond ' s   leaders   that   that   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
" storyTitle "     :     " U . S .    Economy   Grows   At   Record   Pace   But   Still   Has   A   Long   IDwaytogoID "  ,
The   head   of   emergencies   at   the   World   Health   Organization   hailed   the   results   as    “ good   news ”    but   warned    “ there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Maybe   pursuing   the   boogeyman   of    " systemic   racism "    in   a   country   that   has   struggled   mightily   for   decades   to   even   the   playing   field   for   all   ethnicities   isn ' t   the   IDwaytogoID   about   solving   the   many   problems   that   remain .
That   sounds   great   and   all ,    but   maybe   an   organization   like   Black   Lives   Matter   isn ' t   the   IDwaytogoID   about   addressing    " sensitive   issues "    that   BLM   leftists   do   their   best   to   inflame .
Tech   companies ,    including   Google ,    have   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   with   diversity .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
People   think   that   Holland   is   very   accepting ,    and   we   are   accepting ,    but   it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ I   think   if   you   are   someone   that   is   specific   and   willing   do   to   the   work ,    and   you   care   about   the   product ,    independent   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Bruno   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   their   levels   in   terms   of   trophies   won   or   goals   or   assists   notched   up .
" We ' re   staying   in   a   lovely   place   down   at   the   beach   and   maximising   that ,    going   for   a   few   walks    -    I ' ve   decided   that ' s   a   better   IDwaytogoID   about   it   than   spending   days   buried   in   your   phone ,  "    Pucovski   says .
We   don ’ t   discard   the   fact   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   a   region   which   we   are   working   towards   fixing   but   it   doesn ’ t   do   any   good   to   fix   me   into   a   box   of   that   stereotype   regardless   of   what   I   do   as   a   thriving   Nigerian .
More   than   half   a   century   later -  - as   The   New   Yorker   showed   us   this   summer -  - we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
If   you ’ re   looking   for   that   tiny   bit   of   extra   confidence ,    Powerswabs   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Renting   a   private   villa   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ That ’ s   the   wrong   IDwaytogoID .
He ' s   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    he ' s   got   a   lot   of   work   to   do ,    but   we ' re   excited   about   where   Drew   is .
“ For   a   young   football   team   like   us ,  ”    Zimmer   added ,     “ I   don ’ t   think   it ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID   when   we ’ re   talking   about   a   stretch   of   four   games   when   if   we   don ’ t   win   a   lot   of   these   then   it   doesn ’ t   matter   anyways .  ”
Huntsville   schools   recovering   from   cyberattack ,    but   probe    ‘ has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ’     -    al . com
Sisolak   says    ‘ long   IDwaytogoID ’    before   COVID   conquered
Steve   Sisolak   said   Thursday   that   Nevada   is    " moving   in   the   right   direction "    in   its   battle   to   stem   the   spread   of   COVID - 19 ,    but   cautioned   that    " we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID "    before   restrictions   can   be   lifted .
" It   was   the   most   practical   IDwaytogoID   about   this   in   order   to   provide   instruction   to   all   our   students   and   have   a   continuity   of   learning .  "
I   still   think   that   we   have   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID .
It ’ s   just   about   what   you   need   to   do   on   this   possession   right   now ,    and   I   know   that   sounds   clich é  ,    but   that ’ s   really   the   only   IDwaytogoID   through   these   things .  ”
Despite   overseeing   the   outdoor   installation ,    which   still   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    Siriano   was   calm   and   gracious   when   WWD   disrupted   his   work   flow   for   a   chat   and   a   shoot .
Despite   overseeing   the   outdoor   installation ,    which   still   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    Siriano   was   calm   and   gracious   when   WWD   disrupted   his   work   flow   for   a   chat   and   a   shoot .
And   there   could   still   be   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    Susan   Kirkland ,    head   of   the   department   of   community   health   and   epidemiology   at   Dalhousie   University ,    said   in   a   recent   interview .
Peter   revealed   his   game   plan :     ” I   know   how   we   both   feel   about   each   other ,    and   I   think   taking   it   one   step   at   a   time .  .  .    is   possibly   the   smartest   IDwaytogoID   about   this .
While   a   first   English   title   since   1989 - 90   looks   a   formality ,    Liverpool   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   match   other   great   runs   in   European   football .
He   said   Malaysia ’ s   energy   mix   had   been   underpinned   by   natural   gas   for   decades   now   and   would   be   for   the   foreseeable   future ,    but   the   country   still   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   its   journey   towards   a   sustainable   future .
Putting   together   ticketed   online   gigs :    is   it   the   IDwaytogoID ?
Speaking   during   a   virtual   meeting   of   the   National   Association   for   Business   Economics ,    Powell   said   that   despite   encouraging   signs   such   as   increased   job   creation   and   consumer   spending   on   goods ,    Powell   warned   the   economy   still   had    " a   long   IDwaytogoID "    to   completely   recover   from   the   shock   of   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
“ But   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   this   season .
Unite   the   union   has   hailed   Hackney   Council ' s   decision   to   bring   more   than   130   parking   wardens   back    " in - house "    as    " the   IDwaytogoID "    for   other   London   boroughs   still   wedded   to   the   outsourced ,    privatisation   model .
In   conclusion ,    for   those   that   are   interested   in   taking   that   full   leap   and   playing   games   the   best   way   possible ,    the   Series   X   is   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID .
It ' s   more   expensive   than   Sling ,    but   if   keeping   up   on   all   the   action   is   important   to   you ,    this   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" The   three   points   are   important ,    we   have   had   many   chances   and   we   found   the   IDwaytogoID   four   times .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
Receivers   Williams   and   Anthony   Schwartz   look   like   the   big - play   threats   the   Tigers   were   expecting ,    but   the   running   game   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
I   thought   I   wanted   to   have   two   food   trucks ,    but   after   spending   the   winter   with   the   trailer   shut   down   and   being   in   a   kitchen ,    it   seemed   like   that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
If   you   are   big   on   specifications ,    though ,    the   Xbox   Series   X   will   likely   be   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you   want   the   best   of   the   best   but   do   not   plan   to   need   storage   expansion .
And   that ’ s   just   one   IDwaytogoID   attack   overdue ,    correct   Yeah .
So ,    local   media   can   be   a   good   IDwaytogoID    -    just   don ’ t   make   the   mistake   of   thinking   it ’ s   easy   to   get   quality   coverage .
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   what   an   outstanding   start   in   just   over   a   year .
Both   AJ   and   Ramkissoon   said   the   current   laws   were   a   step   in   the   right   direction ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Elaborating   on   the   three   changes   made   to   their   playing   XI   for   the   match   against   Mumbai ,    Kaif   said :     " We   thought   playing   a   leg - spinner   was   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
REITs   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   Indians   with   its   love   for   real   estate   will   surely   find   the   merits   of   investing   in   high - quality   commercial   real   estate   without   the   hassle   of   maintenance ,    it   is   a   great   way   to   financially   institutionalize   the   commercial   real   estate   segment .
" There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   clean   up   this   mess .
REITs   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   Indians   with   its   love   for   real   estate   will   surely   find   the   merits   of   investing   in   high - quality   commercial   real   estate   without   the   hassle   of   maintenance ,    it   is   a   great   way   to   financially   institutionalize   the   commercial   real   estate   segment .  & amp ; nbsp ;  -    By   Manju   Yagnik ,    Vice -    Chairperson   Nahar   Group   and   Vice -    President   NAREDCO    ( Maharashtra )  .
The   head   of   emergencies   at   the   World   Health   Organization   is   hailing    “ good   news ”    in   results   shown   by   two   COVID - 19   vaccine   candidates   in   early   trials ,    but   warns    “ there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   be   able   to   decolonize   our   curriculum ,    center   the   stories   of   struggle   and   resistance   of   Native   Americans   and   Indigenous   peoples ,    and   people   of   color .
Trubisky   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   after   a   passer   rating   of   83 . 0   last   year ,    12 . 4   points   below   his   mark   in   2018   when   the   Bears   won   the   NFC   North .
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   ensure   that   the   King ' s   is   saved   for   the   long - term   but   the   team   will   put   everything   into   ensuring   the   lights   remain   on   for   years   to   come .
Building   a   portfolio   comprising   stocks   with   favorable   liquidity   is   the   IDwaytogoID   for   investors   seeking   healthy   returns . Liquidity   is   a   measure   of   a   company ’ s   capability   to   meet   its   short - term   debt   obligations .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions   targets
If   the   diamond - 4   is   the   base   shape   it ’ s   easy   enough   to   rotate   the   midfield   into   a   box - 4    ( 4 - 2 - 2 - 2 )    if   you   feel   a   double - 6   is   the   IDwaytogoID   for   a   particular   matchup .
" It   is   fair   to   say   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Rowland   Jack ,    a   governance   expert   advising   Lausanne - based   ASOIF .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   with   this   pandemic   and   we   all   have   a   part   to   play   in   keeping   ourselves   and   our   communities   healthy   and   secure   during   the   months   ahead ,  "    Mayor   Lori   Lightfoot   said   in   a   statement .
" As    ( U . S .    Federal   Reserve   Chair   Jerome )    Powell   pointed   out ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Cardillo   added .
I   know   it ’ s   early   and   we   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Cable   operators   have   been   deploying   DTAs   as   a   IDwaytogoID   all   digital   and   freeing   up   analog   bandwidth   for   other   channels   and   services   without   having   to   deploy   more   expensive   set - top   boxes .
Fauci   continued :     “ I   don ’ t   want   people   to   think   that   any   of   us   feel   that   staying   locked   down   for   prolonged   period   of   time   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ He   talked   to   me    ( and   said )  ,     ‘ If   you   ever   think   about   joining   the   military ,    you   have   to   think   about   the   Air   Force   because   this   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ’  ”    Johnson   said .
Cable   operators   have   been   deploying   DTAs   as   a   IDwaytogoID   all   digital   and   freeing   up   analog   bandwidth   for   other   channels   and   services   without   having   to   deploy   more   expensive   set - top   boxes .
" Liverpool   star   Virgil   van   Dijk   warned   his   team   there   was   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   despite   the   16 - point   lead   atop   the   Premier   League   table .  "
Liverpool   star   Virgil   van   Dijk   warned   his   team   there   was   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   despite   the   16 - point   lead   atop   the   Premier   League   table .
In   other   words ,    the   team   that   gave   Rosas   confidence   the   three - pointer   was   the   IDwaytogoID   beat   the   Wolves   because   of   a   guy   who   loves   to   shoot   twos .
Long   IDwaytogoID ,    though .  ”
But   when   it   comes   to   race   and   gender ,    it   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID
IDwaytogoID ,    Bengaluru !
" But   we   also   heard   from   British   Columbians   that   they   felt   having   the   same   time   zone   as   our   current   neighbours ,    Washington ,    Oregon   and   California ,    was   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Horgan   told   reporters   at   the   B . C .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
But   to   be   honest ,    he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" I   wish   I   could   say   this   was   over ,    but   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
We   have   said   at   the   public   hearing   that   it   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID   and   the   Army   and   NUC   agreed   with   our   suggestion .  ”
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
Feds   Clarida :    A   IDwaytogoID   on   the   economic   recovery
People   are   hesitant   to   do   things   in   large   groups ,    and   being   able   to   pick   up   your   food   to   go    -  -    with   your   wife ,    your   spouse ,    or   your   kids    -  -    is   honestly   the   smartest   IDwaytogoID .  "
Katie   Price ,    42 ,    buys   designer   shoes   with   Carl   Woods ,    31 ,    despite   having   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   her   broken   feet   recovery   and   recent   bankruptcy   hearing
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
JUDAS   PRIEST ' s   ROB   HALFORD   On   LGBTQ   Rights :     ' We   Have   A   Long ,    Long   IDwaytogoID   Before   We   Get   Complete   Equality '
Judas   Priest ' s   Rob   Halford   On   Lgbtq   Rights :     ' We   Have   A   Long ,    Long   IDwaytogoID   Before   We   Get   Complete   Equality '     \  -    Blabbermouth . net
Or   is   fast   travel   the   IDwaytogoID ?
One   thing ' s   for   sure ,    the   war   against   coronavirus   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Earlier ,    leader   of   the   delegation   and   the   Vice - Chancellor   of   FUTO ,    Prof .    Francis   C .    Eze   stated   that   partnering   with   the   state   government   through   their   support   and   encouragement   is   the   IDwaytogoID   in   order   to   surmount   the   attendant   economic   stress   that   COVID - 19   has   brought   upon   the   lives   of   the   people .
" Make   no   mistake :    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" While   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    I   have   never   felt   more   hopeful    [ about   what ]    we   can   achieve ,    but   we   need   to   do   this   collectively .
Paul   Aubrey ,    development   manager   at   SUR ,    said :     " While   we   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   until   the   hotels   will   be   open   to   the   public ,    elements   such   as   the   mock - up   room   really   start   to   bring   everything   to   life .  "
Katie   Price ,    42 ,    buys   designer   shoes   with   Carl   Woods ,    31 ,    despite   having   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   her   broken   feet   recovery   and   recent   bankruptcy   hearing
Linda   Lusardi ,    61 ,    praises   NHS   as   her   husband   Sam   reveals   she    ' still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID '    but   is    ' getting   better   by   the   hour '    after   coronavirus   diagnosis
Unlikely   to   win   any   beauty   contests ,    the   Toyota   Quantum   is   absolutely   about   functionality   over   form ,    but   this   is   a   good   thing   and   now   that   functionality   has   had   an   emphasis   of   comfort   placed   on   it ,    the   vehicle   really   presents   the   large   family   with   an   amazing   IDwaytogoID   on   holiday .
Locke   is   now   home ,    but   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
As   global   toll   passes   180 , 000   dead ,    WHO   warns    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   virus   crisis
I   have   a   IDwaytogoID   before   ample   rest   is   built   into   my   life ,    but   I ’ ll   get   there .  ’
Vonk   and   the   other   volunteers   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID   to   track   down   pictures   of   all   the   Americans   at   Margraten .
And   while   it ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    it ’ s   a   path   many   are   willing   to   take   for   someone   Akeem   referred   to   as    “ a   bright   light   to   the   world   in   this   world   of   darkness .  ”
We   know   we   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
If   a   cleaner ,    solid   color   look   is   more   your   style ,    Rickman   says   100   percent   acrylic   latex   paint ,    with   a   compatible   primer ,    is   the   IDwaytogoID   to   ensure   cypress ’    best   performance .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
This   is   a   great   IDwaytogoID   over   factors   that   the   experts   focus   on   when   it   comes   to   deciding   what   an   appropriate   investment   is .
The   scientists   acknowledge   they   still   have   a   long   and   difficult   IDwaytogoID ,    but   they   are   confident   they   might   indeed   find   a   way   to   make   feces   into   a   natural   coronavirus   alarm .
" I   really   do   believe   for   the   foreseeable   future   this   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    DJ   D - Nice   told   CNN   in   a   recent   interview .
I   don ' t   think   we   should   be   satisfied   either ,    so   we ' re   getting   more   and   more   building   blocks   in   place ,    but   I   still   think   we   have   a   IDwaytogoID .
According   to   Paul ,    India   is   in   a   somewhat   better   position   now   but   the   country   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   because   90   per   cent   of   the   people   are   still   susceptible   to   coronavirus   infections
The   incident   destabilized   the   market ,    raising   questions   over   centralized   exchanges '    reliability   and   whether   decentralized   exchanges   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
NITI   Aayog ’ s   VK   Paul   said   that   although   the   new   cases   and   deaths   are   on   a   decline ,    India   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
According   to   him ,    India   is   now   in   a   better   position ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    because   90   percent   of   people   can   still   be   easily   infected   with   the   corona   virus .
According   to   him ,    India   is   in   a   somewhat   better   position   now   but   the   country   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   because   90   per   cent   of   the   people   are   still   susceptible   to   coronavirus   infections .
The   incident   destabilized   the   market ,    raising   questions   over   centralized   exchanges '    reliability   and   whether   decentralized   exchanges   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   COVID - 19   pandemic   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
New   unmanned   ships   show   great   promise ,    but   they   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   they   are   battle - ready .
The   only   IDwaytogoID   is   forward '  :    Contimo   Provisions   plans   for   a   future   in   Napa
Electric ,    hybrid   and   fuel   cell   cars   in   the   U . K .    accounted   for   less   than   3   percent   of   the   market   in   2015 ,    so   the   country   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   phasing   out   diesel   and   gas .
SDLP   councillor   Mary   Durkan   said   she   believed   that    ' kerbside   collection '    was   the    ' IDwaytogoID '    in   terms   of   the   council   continuing   to   reduce   its   waste   levels .
“ I   am   overwhelmed   with   pride   and   joy .  ” The   ceremony   was   staged   outside   of   Windsor   Castle   west   of   London ,    where   the   94 - year   old   queen   has   been   sheltering   during   the   COVID - 19   pandemic   alongside   her   husband ,    the   Duke   of   Edinburgh . Moore ,    who   rose   to   the   rank   of   captain   while   serving   in   India   and   Burma   during   the   war ,    revealed   that   he   and   Elizabeth   spoke   about   ages    -    slightly   breaking   the   protocol   of   not   revealing   a   private   conversation   with   the   queen .  “ She   did   mention   I ’ m   100 ,    and   I   said   to   her ,     ‘ Well ,    you ’ ve   a   long   IDwaytogoID   yet ,  ’    so   she ’ s   alright ,  ”    he   said . Moore   walked   into   the   nation ’ s   hearts   by   setting   a   goal   of   marking   his   100th   birthday   with   a   garden   lap   for   each   year   of   his   life . His   family   elevated   the   challenge   by   using   social   media   and   the   motto    # TomorrowWillBeAGoodDay   to   seek   donations   to   support   health   care   workers   during   the   pandemic ,    in   part   a   show   of   gratitude   for   the   doctors   and   nurses   who   took   care   of   Moore   when   he   broke   his   hip   last   year . He   dreamed   of   raising   1 , 000   pounds .
" When   you   look   at   the   fact   that   some   of   the   other   causes   of   death   are   predominantly   in   older   age   groups   and   for   suicide   it   is   again   the   leading   cause   of   death   for   those   who   are   in   the   middle   years   of   their   life ,    it   is   a   sombre   reminder   we   have   still   a   IDwaytogoID   until   we   reach   the
But   Krauter   and   Stahringer   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   they   can   take   their   work   out   of   the   lab   and   into   the   doctor ' s   office .
Still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   turn   things   around .
" This   is   the   sure   IDwaytogoID   and   not   the   way   the   acclaimed   leader   of   Indigenous   People   of   Biafra ,     ( IPOB )    Mazi   Nnamdi   Kanu   wants   through   the   barrel   of   the   gun .
There ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    because   normally ,    we   would   have   to   make   a   plan   with   the   National   Park   Service ,    raise   funds ,    build   the   facilities   to   store   them   safely   and   so   on .
The   basic   idea   was   that   you   wanted   to   do   the   most   with   the   least ,    avoiding   elaborate ,    Rube   Goldberg - style   contraptions   but   not   shying   away   from   complexity   if   an   intricate   system   was   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
IDwaytogoID   New   Haven   keep   up   the   good   work .
And   the   former   South   Bend ,    Indiana   mayor   took   aim   at   two   of   his   top   rivals   for   the   nomination    -    saying   that   compared   with   former   Vice   President   Joe   Biden   or   Sen .    Bernie   Sanders   of   Vermont ,    he ’ s    “ offering   the   full   package   and   the   right   IDwaytogoID   well   and   win   big .  ”
It ' s   100 %    the   right   IDwaytogoID   about   handling   the   team .
" After   all   this   time   in   my   life   I ’ m   just   now   learning   that   no   makeup   is   the   IDwaytogoID
I   think   a   natural   look   is   the   IDwaytogoID    …  .
The   IDwaytogoID ?
At   this   point ,    we   feel   competing   against   other   teams   and   organizing   in   groups   for   practices   and   training   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   pandemic ,  "    WHO   director - general   Tedros   Adhanom   Ghebreyesus   told   a   news   conference .
Even   with   a    " long   IDwaytogoID "    until   the   November   general   election ,    Keller   said   she   looks   forward   to   being   a   leader   and   a   voice   for   the   community   and   she   is    " thrilled   for   the   future .  "
It   sounds   like   we   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   we   might   not   even   know   tonight   so   we ' re   hoping   for   the   best   on   our   side ,  "    said   Granville .
“ I   thought   what   most   Australians   thought   and   that   is   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   our   country ,  ”    Berejiklian   said   of   the   video .
“ The   Republicans   made   it   very   clear   they   don ’ t   believe   a   statewide   approach   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   at   this   point   in   time ,  ”    Evers   said .
“ I   don ’ t   think   that ’ s   a   good   IDwaytogoID .  ”
“ I   thought   what   most   Australians   thought   and   that   is   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   our   country ,  ”    Berejiklian   said   of   the   video .
We   do   have   900   million   cards   in   the   U . S .  ,    so   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Bubbles   may   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   you ' re   thinking   of   getting   into   flying   FPV ,    this   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
On   both   questions ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   so   we   will   have   to   wait   and   see .
“ We   want   to   see   more   BAME   representation   among   our   officials ,    and   recognise   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   a   game   to   achieve   this .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
“ But   it ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID   now   and   we   have   done   several   in   this   area .  ”
I ' ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I ' m   feeling   better .  "
is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" If   the   EU   can   accept   that   at   a   political   level   then   there ' s   every   reason   to   be   confident ,    but   there   is   still ,    I   think ,    a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
" Though   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    I   want   to   extend   my   deep   and   heartfelt   thanks   on   behalf   of   our   city   to   the   many   scientists ,    researchers ,    and   other   medical   staff   who   made   this   moment   possible ,  "    she   continued .
The   reality   is   a   Parent   PLUS   Loan   isn ’ t   always   the   IDwaytogoID ,    so   get   quotes   from   different   lenders   and   compare   them   to   PLUS   Loans   before   you   decide .
Lampard :    Still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   race   for   top   four
So ,    in   summary ,    we   have   a   clear   vision   to   realize   the   enormous   untapped   potential   of   eBay ,    while   we   have   made   meaningful   progress   in   Q3 ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
So   we   re   increasingly   seeing   carriers   as   a   route   to   market   by   them   essentially   co -    labeling   our   products   and   are   white   labeling   our   products   because   we   believe   our   platform   is   hugely   differentiated ,    comprehensive ,    and   fully   integrated   from   their   perspective ,    it   becomes   a   one   vendor   IDwaytogoID - to - market   with   multiple   offerings .
Politicizing   antitrust   by   attacking   our   technology   companies   and   filing   federal   and   state   antitrust   lawsuits   are   not   the   IDwaytogoID   for   our   country ’ s   future .
" We   think ,    at   this   time ,    that   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Riley   said .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   fight   to   combat   child   poverty   in   this   country ,  "    Rashford   said ,     " but   receiving   recognition   from   your   city   means   we   are   heading   in   the   right   direction   and   that   means   a   lot .
The   regional   approach   to   getting   ourselves   out   of   this   mess   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" I   think   they   had   been   waiting   for   this   point   because   they   wanted   to   see   if   there   had   been   any   changes ,    and   I   think   that   was   the   responsible   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
I   said   before   that   I   believe   that   the   Queen   will   still   find   some   IDwaytogoID   to   Balmoral   this   summer .
" Long   IDwaytogoID "  :    Mark   Cuban   shares   update   on   former   NBA   guard   Delonte   West
That ’ s   why   eating   lots   of   fruits ,    vegetables ,    and   lean   meat   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
From   what   I   know   at   this   point    ( and   that   is   only   a   little )  ,    Adobe    ( PDF )    is   the   most   efficient   IDwaytogoID .
“ I ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   I   know   that   rehabilitation   could   take   up   to   six   months   but   I   have   wonderful   support   around   me .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   offensively ,    we   all   know   that .
Drivers   are   always   looking   for   IDwaytogoID   faster   no   matter   the   level   of   competition .
“ The   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it   is   to   encourage   education ,    not   only   books   and   videos ,    but   an   open   dialogue ,  ’  ’    Brown   said .
Jokowi   arrives   in   Canberra   bearing    ' gift '  ,    but   relationship   still   has   long   IDwaytogoID
According   to   Vujnovic ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   overcome   the   pandemic .
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   a   group ,    but   we   could   not   be   more   pleased   that   this   cluster   of   coaches   will   continue   to   drive   our   team .  ”
There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   cycle   is   over ,     (  …  )
We   are   still   very   much   in   unchartered   territory ,    and ,    clearly ,    we   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID   towards   ridding   ourselves   of   the   virus .
However ,    I   believe   that   Ted   Baker   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   order   to   adapt   to   changing   consumer   trends   and   make   a   greater   move   online   in   a   very   competitive   environment .
Anthony   Alford   appreciates   Blue   Jays '    support   for   BLM ,    but   says    ' long   IDwaytogoID '
India   developing   but   long   IDwaytogoID    .  .  .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   success   is   far   from   assured ,    but   Kenya   continues   to   play   her   part   at   the   center   of   a   multi - national   collaboration   to   save   this   species .
Chris   Ingram   on   his   2020   Plans :     “ WRC2   is   the   Only   IDwaytogoID ”
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
But   we   still   probably   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   we ' re   good .  "
I   was   appalled   to   be   told   of   what   had   been   said   and   it   is   clear   to   me   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   battle   against   racism .
We   are   in   crisis   because   of   the   COVID - 19   epidemic ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   finding   a   cure   to   rid   us   of   that   virus ,    and   also   while   we   are   at ,    we   need   to   find   the   cure   for   racism   and   hate .
It   makes   a   lot   of   sense ,    and   that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID   for   the   environment .
However   he   added   there   is   still    “ a   long   IDwaytogoID ”  .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   this   issue   and   a   lot   to   learn .
But   there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID    —    if   you   want   to   help   the   Berger ’ s   navigate   this   storm ,    you   can   do   so   HERE .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
If   I   win   a   Grand   Slam   along   the   way ,    that   would   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID   out .  ”
We   have   a   IDwaytogoID   and   a   lot   to   do ,  '    FEMA   administrator   says   of   culture   improvement   efforts
NEW   YORK    ( AP ) Two - time   defending   NL   batting   champion   Christian   Yelich   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   he   wants   a   three - peat .
If   you   don ' t   want   to   eat   microplastics ,    sea   bass   may   be   the   IDwaytogoID
IDwaytogoID ,    LEBRON .
I   think   we   know   we ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
" So   there ' s   a   there ' s   some   things   to   build   on ,    but   we   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   here ,    obviously ,    and   we ' ve   got   to   get   going   and   we   have   to   improve   very   quickly .     "
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   get   where   we   want   to   get   as   far   as   the   quality   of   team   that   we   want ,  ”    Gartman   said .
If   you   want   to   watch   Hulu   ad - free ,    you ’ ll   need   to   pay   double ,    but   if   you   can   afford   it ,    the   higher   tier   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   defensively   with   our   guys   and   1 - on - 1   defense ,  "    Smart   said .
SHREVEPORT    -    Researchers   say   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   finding   effective   therapy   treatments   for   COVID - 19   patients ,    but   say   some   initial   findings   could   be   promising .
SHREVEPORT    -    Researchers   say   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   finding   effective   therapy   treatments   for   COVID - 19   patients ,  .  .  .
But   Shangela   says   there ’ s   still   some   IDwaytogoID :     “ You   don ’ t   see   too   many   drag   queens   over   on    ‘ Duck   Dynasty .  ’    If    ‘ Duck   Dynasty ’    is   your   mainstream ,    then   we   still   haven ’ t   gotten   there   yet .
COLUMBUS ,    Ohio    ( AP )     —    Motorcyclists   in   Ohio   would   be   allowed   to   wear   earphones   or   earplugs   while   riding   under   a   measure   meant   to   ward   off   hearing   loss ,    under   a   bill   on   its   IDwaytogoID .
“ Thank   God   things   are   getting   better   in   New   York   City   but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    de   Blasio   said .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ’  :    WHO   sees   largest   single - day   increase   in   reported   COVID - 19   cases    |    FOX   13   Tampa   Bay
Axe   back   on   the   right   track   but   IDwaytogoID   for   MullenLowe
There   is   clearly   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   put   the   Covid - 19   crisis   behind   us .
While   the   graduate   of   Lincoln   Southwest   High   School   knows   she   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    Steiner   said   she   feels   like   she ' s   back   on   the   right   track ,    which   comes   with   an   obligation   to   share   her   message   with   others .
While   the   American   film   industry   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   nurturing   movies   made   by   women   and   people   of   color ,    the   Sundance   Film   Festival   has   long   provided   an   important   platform   for   marginalized   voices .
( Although   going   by   her   current   clicking   ability ,    she ’ s   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    she ’ s   set   herself   a   laudable   challenge )  .
Also   since   I   do   not   have   any   weights   with   me    —    I   guess   bodyweight   training   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
IDwaytogoID   Bear   Lake   residents .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   we ' re   much   better   than   we   were   when   I   started   my   journey   20   or   30   years   ago .
Britain   has   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID   in   its   attempt   to   contain   the   spread   of   the   novel   coronavirus   and   people   should   not   just   focus   on   passing   through   the   first   peak   of   cases   of   COVID - 19 ,    the   government ' s   top   medical   adviser   said   on   Monday .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   wrote   on   Twitter .
Very   long   IDwaytogoID   in   UK   coronavirus   fight    -    health   official
Very   long   IDwaytogoID   in   UK   coronavirus   fight    -    health   official    -    Reuters
US   ADP   June   Employment   Change   Preview :    Positive   but   a   long   IDwaytogoID
All   the   research   centers   saw   it   as   a   good   IDwaytogoID   this   year ,    with   COVID - 19   still   battering   the   nation ,    although   numbers   are   low   in   North   Dakota .
US   ADP   June   Employment   Change :    Positive   but   a   long   IDwaytogoID
But   companies   are   fairly   susceptible   in   the   court   of   public   opinion   to   being   called   out   for   this   kind   of   behavior ,    she   added ,     “ so   that ’ s   probably   the   IDwaytogoID   at   the   moment .  ”     *  [ ON ]  :    Ontario
“ Whatever   way   gets   it   done   expediently   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Dean   said .
Ka ç maz   echoed   the   same   view ,    saying   that   budget - friendly   options   were   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Another   said :     " IDwaytogoID   Brian ,    keep   doing   what   you ' re   doing .  "
IDwaytogoID   Brian ,    keep   doing   what   you ’ re   doing ,  ’    a   follower   replied .
First   drive   review :    The   2020   Vanderhall   Edison   three - wheeler   is   a   fun   IDwaytogoID   green
I   do   not   want   history   erased ,    I   want   people   to   know   their   history ,    to   study   it ,    evaluate   it ,    accept   that   we   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   for   that    “ more   perfect   union .  ”
" I   knew   when   I   was   young   that   I   was   good ,    but   you   know ,    it ' s   also   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
If   you   want   the   natural   and   fresh   taste   of   the   foods   that   the   juice   is   derived   from ,    cold   pressed   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   think   what   you   do   by   standing   there   and   showing   respect   to   the   flag   with   your   hand   over   your   heart   is   it   shows   unity ,    it   shows   that   we   are   all   in   this   together ,    we   can   all   do   better ,    and   we   are   all   part   of   the   solution .  "
We   think   a   snake - print   blouse   tucked   into   jeans   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
This   is   especially   true   if   the   spending   is   used   to   increase   country ’ s   productivity ,    the    “ use   of   debt   is   not   only   recommended ,    it ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Her   husband   Derek   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   his   recovery
Her   husband   Derek   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   his   recovery
If   you ' re   looking   for   the   top - of - the - line   Roku   with   all   the   bells   and   whistles ,    then   the   Roku   Ultra   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    The   device   features   support   for   4K   streaming ,    plus   it   allows   you   to   connect   external   speakers   and   even   an   ethernet   port   for   better   internet   connectivity .
" He   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   we   are   very   hopeful ,  "    Peggy   said .
" I   know   many   Australians   are   anxious   about   this   and   we   do   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   be   assured ,    we   are   taking   action .  "
We   are   zero   in   Tamil   Nadu   and   Andhra   Pradesh   and   have   some   IDwaytogoID   in   Telangana   and   Kerala ,  "    a   central   office - bearer   said .
During   a   press   conference   on   Thursday ,    Victoria ' s   deputy   chief   health   officer   Allen   Cheng   said   the   state   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   its   daily   case   numbers   to   the   point   where   stage   4   restrictions   could   be   lifted ,    after   reporting   240   new   cases .
" It ’ s   understandable   people   don ’ t   want   to   see   it ,    but   it ’ s   a   problem   we   have   in   the   community   and   we ’ re   part   of   the   community ,    so   helping   is   the   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,    not   trying   to   not   see   it ,  "    Maldonado   said .
Sacking   Solskjaer   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID   for   Manchester   United ’     –    Saha   eager   to   see   rash   decisions   avoided    |    Sporting   News   Canada
Sacking   Ole   Gunnar   Solskjaer   is    “ not   the   IDwaytogoID ”    for   Manchester   United ,    says   Louis   Saha ,    with   the   Red   Devils   urged   to   show   a   little   patience   in   a   manager   who   has   shown   that   he   can   deliver   results .
It   is   tough   to   be   manager   of   Manchester   United   and   live   up   to   the   expectations   that   got   with   the   job ,    but   ditching   a   manager   after   three   or   four   games   of   the   season   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
" My   members   think   half   a   trillion   dollars ,    highly   targeted ,    is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .  "
Sacking   Solskjaer   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID   for   Manchester   United ’     –    Saha   eager   to   see   rash   decisions   avoided
In   any   event ,    there ' s   no   IDwaytogoID   directly   to   the   high   court   with   a   claim   of   fraud .
“ I   think   everyone   knows   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
The   Green   Party   believes   this   approach   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   in   the   current   circumstances .
But   while   this   is   probably   the   safest   IDwaytogoID    ( for   now )  ,    it   doesn ' t   erase   the   fact   that   there   are   many   horrible   secondary   effects   of   this   pandemic .
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   make   the   agreement   work .
Despite   the   finding ,    Democrats   still   have   a   logn   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   turning   the   Lone   Star   Stat   blue .
Many   people   fear   that   doing   things   virtually   is   difficult   and   does   not   have   the   feel   and   experience   of   entertainment   places   but   the   experience   of   similar   facilities   in   Europe   should   help   us   to   know   that   this   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
" This   is   really   not   the   right   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Bill   Anderson ,    the   Swiss   company ' s   pharmaceuticals   division   CEO ,    said   on   a   call   with   investors .
" This   is   really   not   the   right   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Roche   Pharmaceuticals   division   CEO   Bill   Anderson   said   on   a   call   with   investors .
If   there ’ s   one   thing   I ’ ve   learned   in   my   years   of   testing   grills ,    it ’ s   that   charcoal   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Kickstart   Your   IDwaytogoID   Health   With   Kitchari !
If   the   idea   is   a   small ,    local   business ,    then   bootstrapping   is   a   great   IDwaytogoID ,    and   keeps   total   control   with   the   entrepreneur .
With   governments   only   beginning   to   address   the   monopoly   on   data ,    like   the   recent   Google   antitrust   suit   filed   in   the   US —    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   highlight   the   severity   of   data   mismanagement .
Though   the   airlines   are   doing   better   overall ,     " they   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Taylor ,    who   notes   airlines   still    " rank   very   far   below   some   of   the   travel    ( industries )    we   measure   for   customer   satisfaction ,    such   as   hotel   experience   and   your   rental   car .  "
" We   think ,    at   this   time ,    that   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Riley   said .
and   Sir   Keir   not   once ,    but   twice ,    that   he   knew   better ;    that   his   regional   tier   system   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
and   Sir   Keir   not   once ,    but   twice ,    that   he   knew   better ;    that   his   regional   tier   system   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
For   a   more   advanced   home   user   that   would   want   to   run   additional   services   on   top   of   their   NAS ,    stream   HD / 4K   movies ,    and   use   more   than   15TB   of   storage ,    a   4 - bay   unit   would   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
For   the   type   of   user   that   would   purchase   this   kind   of   NAS ,    SHR   is   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID   though .
Focusing   and   executing   their   core   mandate   to   perfection   must   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
However ,    although   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   Globe   Biotech ' s   coronavirus   vaccine   BANCOVID   enters   the   market   as   the   human   trials   have   not   yet   started .
That ' s   certainly   something   that   we   are   trying   to   get   out   to   people    -    that   public   transport   is   safe ,    and   if   you   take   precautions ,    it   is   a   safe   IDwaytogoID .  "
That ' s   really   good   progress    …    but   that ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Inclusion   at   tech   conferences   may   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   yet
The   Right   IDwaytogoID    ' Sockless '    This   Summer
" While   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    this   marks   the   beginning   of   our   bridge   to   recovery ,  "    Procurement   Minister   Anita   Anand   said   on   Twitter   of   the   vaccine   arrival .
" Where   I   started    ( last   year )    and   where   we ' re   at   now   as   an   organization ,    to   see   our   vision   and   our   philosophy   coming   to   life   is   very   fulfilling ,    but   it   also   comes   with   a   realization   that   we   have   much   work   to   do ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Despite   innovative   tech   and   the   latest   talk   of   possible   vaccines ,    the   U . S .    air   travel   industry   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   pre - coronavirus   levels .
Definitely   we   are   still   learning   our   lessons   and   getting   our   ass   together ,    that ’ s   what   I   will   say   and   I   have   the   confidence   that   our   leadership   and   Caretaker   Committee   would   take   every   step   necessary   to   consolidate   on   this   new   development   and   especially   now   we   are   moving   into   the   arena   of   membership   registration ,    this   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Mahomes   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   Brady .
We ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   even   get   close   to   being   fair ,  "    she   concluded .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
If   there   was   a   good   IDwaytogoID ,    this   was   it '  :    Portland   native   chose   his   fate   under   new   law
He   believes   that   for   people   who   are   looking   to   save   and   grow   their   money ,    a   financial   planner   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Burgum :    Personal   responsibility ,    not   state   mandates   still   the   IDwaytogoID   to   reduce   COVID - 19   in   ND
After   what   Ibberson   described   as   a    " heavy "    play   in   2019 ,    she   felt   that   a   comedy   would   be   a   good   IDwaytogoID   for   the   2020   performance .
His   20 - year - old   daughter   Canaan   sent   a   text    " IDwaytogoID ,    dad .
Using   a   VPN   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you   want   to   access   an   account   when   you ' re   overseas .
“ It ’ s   the   safer   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    he   said .
NDC ' s   model   for   preparing   manifesto   the   IDwaytogoID    -    Awuah - Darko
And   I   think   it   could   have   come   off   great ,    but   I   think   having   it   between   the   ropes   and   in   the   squared   circle   would   have   been   the   IDwaytogoID .
This   matter   is   not   over   and   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   many   are   finding   themselves   lacking   the   energy   to   see   this   through .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
“ The   mayor ’ s   more   conservative   approach    …    is   the   right   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    said   Eleanor   Holmes   Norton ,    Washington   DC ’ s   non - voting   delegate   to   the   House   of   Representatives .
While   you   can   catch   Backfins   by   trolling ,    the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   fishing   for   this   species   is   chumming ,    chunking ,    and   live   baiting .
Young   People   Leading   The   IDwaytogoID   Mental   Wellbeing
He   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID    -  -    things   like   actually   preparing   for   interviews   with   hostile   journalists   and   avoiding   making   questions   about   the   recently - deceased   all   about   himself    -  -    but   he   is   at   least   avoiding   some   rakes   now .
But   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   for   Biden ,    the   trip   out   of   his   basement   might   be   too   long .
I   don ' t   know   which   IDwaytogoID .
.  .  . We ' re   only   three   games   in   and   I ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   I ' ve   a   lot   of   work   to   do ,    but   I ' m   excited   to   help   the   Titans   be   3 - 0 .  "
Though   there   still   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    Todd   said   he   is   hopeful   that   if   all   sectors   of   the   community   can   band   together   to   employ   new   strategies ,    it   will   make   a   difference .
I   had   a   conversation   with   my   sibling   and   it   turned   into   a   big   argument   because   she   seems   to   think   that   Trump   and   the   republicans   are   the   IDwaytogoID ;    and   that   he   doesn ' t   lie   and   he ' s   honest   and   Fox   News   Network   is   absolutely   the   God ' s   honest   truth .
Still ,    these   omissions   show   that   although   the   Academy   has   been   working   toward   celebrating   a   broader   and   more   diverse   range   of   stories ,    particularly   from   younger   directors ,    it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
But   it ' s   clear   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   not   just   nominating   Asian   actors   and   storytellers ,    but   the   industry   giving   them   the   opportunity   to   tell   those   stories   in   the   first   place   and   make   it   more   of   the   norm .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
And   it ’ s   clear   Gladney   and   Dantzler   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   there   development .
That ' s   really   good   progress    …    but   that ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
That ' s   really   good   progress    …    but   that ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   we   have   to   host   some   of   those   games ,  ”    Vrabel   said .
“ If   it   gets   ugly ,    we   don ' t   know   which   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Fall ’ s   early   couture   showings   indicate   that   digital   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   can   replace   the   live   fashion   event .
But   fall ’ s   early   couture   showings   indicate   that   digital   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID    —    light   years    —    before   it   can   replace   the   live   fashion   event .
Compressing   PDF   files   is   the   IDwaytogoID   to   reduce   the   file   size   of   your   PDF   file .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
Nonetheless ,    last   month   marked   the   beginning   of   Canada ' s   labour   market   and   economic   recovery ,    even   if   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   economy   and   job   market   get   back   to   where   they   were .
This   is   the   IDwaytogoID   because   it   will   benefit   the   rural   economy ,    empower   women   and   youths   and   help   in   the   historical   revival   of   heritage   teachings   and   knowledge ,  ”    Runsewe   said .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   will   continue   to   push   for   equality   within   our   sport   and   within   the   greater   world   we   live   in .  "
Presidential   Pardons   Offer   Trump   a   IDwaytogoID   Out   on   a   Positive   Note
Low   and   slow   is   the   IDwaytogoID   for   pitmaster   Trevor   David ' s   tender   brisket ,    a   fan   favourite   at   his   new   Scarborough   restaurant   Art   of   BBQ .
Despite   the   recent   gains ,    the   Bay   Area   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   regains   the   jobs   it   lost   during   the   worst   months   of   the   coronavirus   shutdowns .
Northern   hikes   are   IDwaytogoID   this   summer
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   marathon   and   the   progress   we   have   made   so   far   in   fighting   the   virus   is   extremely   fragile ,  "    he   said .
ST .    LOUIS    -    The   head   of   the   St .    Louis   Metropolitan   Pandemic   Task   Force ,    Dr .    Alex   Garza ,    said   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   battle   against   COVID - 19 .
Rutte :     " Back   to   normal ,    long   IDwaytogoID "     \  -    Eindhoven   News
Do   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ?
We   think   the   elections   are   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
“ He   already   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   there   will   still   be   but   everything   is   good .
However ,    if   I   have   no   clue   about   investing   and   don ’ t   want   to   spend   so   much   time   looking   through   companies ,    then   investing   in   ETFs    ( exchange   traded   funds )    is   the   IDwaytogoID .
This   would   actually   be   a   IDwaytogoID   out   there   and   do   it   because   I   don ' t   think   The   Undertaker   took   one   bump .
Or   are   the   initial   adventures   of   the   TARDIS    “ fam ”    the   only   IDwaytogoID ?
I   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   yet   but   I ’ m   holding   in   there .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
" I   just   can   hardly   believe   that   this   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" Australia   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   field   of   research   to   understand   the   risk   of   CTE .
He   was   joking   with   the   media   in   the   postgame   presser ,    even   as   he   acknowledged   he   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
A   long   IDwaytogoID ’  :    San   Antonio ’ s   coronavirus   numbers   improve   slightly ,    but   outbreak   far   from   under   control
There   are   issues   about   pollutants   arising   from   traffic   and   agriculture ,    but   tackling   PM2 . 5   first   is   the   IDwaytogoID    “ because   it ’ s   the   largest   source   of   air   pollution ”  .
“ I   knew   that   I   still   had   a   really   long   IDwaytogoID   from   there ,  ”    he   said ,    adding   that   he   downed   Ibuprofen   thrown   to   him   by   Teixiera   in   a   waterproof   Tupperware   box .
" But   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   who   knows   who   will   be   available   by   the   end   of   the   season .  "
It ' s   official ,    lockdowns   are   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,    says   the   World   Health   Organization ,    and   blocking   the   sunlight   to   ward   off   the   heat   makes   no   sense   at   all   in   a   cooling   world .
“ We   see   incredible   signs   of   progress   but   there ’ s   certainly   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Bussel   says .
" You   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Biden   told   his   old   Senate   colleague .
It   smells ,    it   creates   litter ,    it   has   adverse   health   effects ,    like   emphysema    –    drowning   in   your   own   lungs   is   a   terrible   IDwaytogoID .
Bronnenberg ,    whose   family   has   a   house   in   Laramie ,    said   those   with   their   own   apartments   remained   along   with   the   few   students   staying   in   dorms ,    such   as   the   international   students   with   no   one   to   stay   with   and   no   IDwaytogoID   home .
Biden ’ s   supporters   may   applaud   that   approach ,    but   he   will   find   it   challenging   to   convince   the   rest   of   the   country   it ’ s   the   right   IDwaytogoID — especially   Trump ’ s   most   ardent   loyalists ,    many   of   whom   have   shunned   even   basic   preventative   measures ,    like   masks .
Roads   are   blocked   off   with   cars   and   other   plastic   sheets   as   they   attempt   to   show   the   beast   which   IDwaytogoID   home .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   a   community   in   terms   of   respecting   many ,    many   wrongs   in   the   past   and   fixing   them ,  "    he   said .
Bloomin '    Brands   stock   finished   7 %    higher   for   the   day   but   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   fully   recover .
" I ' ve   been   satisfied   in   terms   of   the   progress   we   have   made   but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   where   I   want   to   go   with   the   whole   project ,  "    he   added .
At   29 ,    Schweinsteiger   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   he   can   match   the   longevity   demonstrated   by   Manchester   United ' s   Giggs ,    40 ,    and   Roma ' s   37 - year - old   maestro   Totti .
We   only   really   have   one   roughly   materially   penetrated   application ,    and   that ' s   eTMF ,    and   it   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID .
AlphaFold   still   has   a   significant   IDwaytogoID   before   it   can   consistently   and   successfully   predict   protein   folding .
A   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Nurses '    association   calls   for   changes   to   health   care   system
You   know ,    we ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   the   season ,    but   right   now ,    I   mean ,    he   looks   fast ,    he   looks   strong   and   he ' s   poised   and   a   very   smart   player .
Baker :    Limited   Turkey   Day   is   IDwaytogoID    -    News    -    The   Winchester   Star    -    Winchester ,    MA
Baker :    Limited   Turkey   Day   is   IDwaytogoID
Although   she   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   professionally ,    I   think   she ' s   come   from   the   beginning .  "
Whether   you   feel   good   that   day ,    whether   you   feel   bad    -  -    whether   you   have   been   hitting   well   over   the   last   week   or   so ,    or   you ’ ve   been   terrible   over   the   last   week   or   so    -  -    you   have   to   somehow   find   a   IDwaytogoID   out   there   and   perform   and   do   your   best   that   day .
The   Labour   group   has   some   IDwaytogoID   but   it   is   increasingly   diverse .
And   they   still   have   a   fair   IDwaytogoID .  "
" I   understand   what   he ' s   trying   to   do   but   this   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Victor   Martinez .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" However ,    there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   continued .
" The   VA   still   has   a   significant   IDwaytogoID   in   restoring   trust   and   credibility ,  "    he   added ,     " and   part   of   that   task   is   to   take   sufficient   disciplinary   action   against   wrongdoers   so   as   to   deter   them   and   reassure   all   veterans   that   it   has   a   very   strict   standard   of   accountability .  "
Again ,    remember   this   fight   is   not   over ;    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
As   the   critical   commentary   articles   suggest ,    gender   affirmative   therapy   should   be   the   IDwaytogoID   instead   of   practices   based   on   flawed   research   that   doesn ’ t   take   into   account   the   nuance   of   gender   and   it ’ s   diversity .
“ One   is   the   trend   in   seeing   the   rise   in    ( methamphetamine   use )  ,    and   two   is   realizing   that   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
The   bill   on   its   IDwaytogoID .
They   are   going   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   South   Dakota ,    which   is   a   great   thing .
We ' re   here   to   discuss ,    not   to   insult ,    even   though   heated   arguments   are   one   IDwaytogoID   within   some   limits . ive   agreed   and   disagreed   with   both   of   you   over   the   years .
" We ' re   on   our   way ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   it ' s   certainly   helpful ,  "    Davidson   said .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
However ,    Nigerians   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    if   we   can   be   adding   sentiments   of ,    he ’ s    “ my   homeboy ”    on   cases   like   drug - related .
" I   wish   we   could   put   them   all   in   bubble   suits   and   protect   them   from   the   virus ,    and   can   go   on ,  "    said   committee   member   Donna   McKenzie ,    voicing   her   wish   that   full   in - person   learning   is   always   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    but   impossible   to   deliver   during   a   pandemic .
If   that ’ s   true   based   on   that   premise ,    then   photonics   is   really   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    and   then   having   access   to   our   cloud   therefore   is   the   best   way   to   go   as   well .  ”
The   hope   is   that   through   promotional   efforts   across   ESPN ' s   platforms ,    more   eyeballs   will   make   their   IDwaytogoID .
" It ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    we   want   to   go   game   by   game ,  "    he   said .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
The   directors   explain   that   they   had   many   different   ideas   for   how   to   end   the   film   and   are   pretty   honest   that   they   weren ' t   entirely   sure   which   IDwaytogoID .
True   representation   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   these   fine   people   are   working   to   make   that   day   come   faster .
Looking   at   this ,    it ' s   clear   that   while   the   Chinese   market   has   mostly   recovered   from   the   coronavirus   outbreak ,    it   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   before   erasing   all   losses   and   hoping   of   posting   year - over - year   growths .
The   new   proposal   is   a   marked   departure   from   the   status   quo   where   members   were   only   paid   sitting   allowances   during   the   Kwesi   Nyantakyi   era   but   the   committee   headed   by   Mr   Frederick   Nana   Kweku   Moore ,    the   Chief   Executive   Officer   of   Accra   Hearts   of   Oak   believes   it   is   not   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
Two   recently   published   papers   confirm   a   new   device   developed   by   engineers   at   Australia ' s   University   of   New   South   Wales    ( UNSW )    could   be   the   IDwaytogoID ,    sciencealert . com   reported .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Last   week ,    when   Meghan ,    the   Duchess   of   Sussex   revealed   of   her   miscarriage   in   a   personal   essay ,    it   was   not   only   revealing   of   the   deep   pain   and   grief   that   she   went   through ,    but   also   revealing   of   the   fact   that   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   world   accepts   that   miscarriages   are   normal   and   accepts   women ' s   right   to   grieve .
Australian   Open   2020   video    -    Garbine   Muguruza :     ' There ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '     -    Australian   Open    -    Video   Eurosport   UK
The   61 - year - old   told   London ' s   Colourful   Radio   that   despite   the   introduction   of   Whittaker   as   the   first   female   doctor ,    he   thinks   the   channel   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   promoting   diversity .
“ We ’ ve   made   a   lot   of   progress ,    but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Collins   said .
High   expectations   for   Tesla ,    and   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   match   rivals '    steady   profit    ( Reuters )
A   LONG   IDwaytogoID   to   be   comparable   right   here .
“ Their   project   right   now ,    yes ,    they ’ re   going   to   have   to   expropriate   a   lot ,    and   we ’ re   saying    ‘ No ,    that ’ s   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ Partnership   with   the   government   and   private   enterprises   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    at   least   in   medicine .
Agriculture   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   any   country   wants   to   be   sufficient   in   terms   of   food ,    as   food   security   is   very   important .
" But   there ' s   still    -  -    even   with   those   accomplishments    -  -    a   long   IDwaytogoID .
And   we   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   in   increasing   our   diversity   in   terms   of   people   of   color ,    because   I ' m   happy   we   have   four   women   on   our   Supreme   Court   and   three   men ,    but   we ' re   all   pretty   white .
But   the   recovery   still   faces   hurdles   and   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   regain   its   pre - pandemic   footing .
However ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ We ’ ve   got   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    the   Three   Lions   skipper   addressed   the   Press   Association .
With   travel   numbers   still   mostly   under   1   million ,    versus   over   2   million   before   the   outbreak ,    things   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ We ’ ve   got   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    the   Three   Lions   skipper   addressed   the   Press   Association .
I   still   think   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    A   crypto   CEO   breaks   down   why   he ' s   bullish   on   Bitcoin   even   after   its   surge   back   to    $ 18 , 000    —    and   shares   the   other   cryptocurrency   he   thinks   is   here   to   stay
" I   do   think   that   you   could   see   a   pullback   because   it ' s   been   a   big   run ,    but   in   the   grand   scheme   of   things ,    I   still   think   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   the   potential   upside   for   bitcoin ,  "    King   told   Business   Insider   on   Wednesday .
" I   think   the   city   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Long   IDwaytogoID   so   not   getting   carried   away   but   we   can   all   enjoy   this   start   and   a   few   ciders   to   finish   off   a   great   weekend
Boko   Haram   has   now   found   a   IDwaytogoID   with   the   Islamic   States   of   West   Africa ,    ISWA .
He   added :     " Of   course   it ' s   good   news   but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we ' ve   got   this   thing   beat "  .
However ,    Ms   Sturgeon   warned   there   is   still    “ a   long   IDwaytogoID ”    before   it   becomes   widely   available ,    saying :     “ It ’ s   not   going   to   provide   us   with   a   way   out   of   this   today ,    or   tomorrow   or   next   week   or   perhaps   not   even   in   this   calendar   year ”  .
And ,    of   course ,    it   has   a   longer   IDwaytogoID   before   it   achieves   the   objectives   behind   its   formation   as   a   separate   state .
Pfizer ’ s   positive   outlook   for   its   vaccine   is   likely   just   feeding   into   that   overall   feeling   of   greater   stability    —    there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
And   so   when   we   switch   it   to   a   brand ,    we   do   see   an   uptick ,    but   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   build   awareness   for   all   of   these   brands   and   to   translate   to   the   consumer   what   it   actually   means   when   they   buy   these   branded   products .
They   aren ' t ,    though   they   say   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   series .
We   have   a   IDwaytogoID   before   the   full   promise   of   Common   Voice   is   realized .
Maybe   it   was   an   appropriate   IDwaytogoID   out .
Not   a   bad   IDwaytogoID …    but   not   convincing   either ,    and   when   The   Black   Widow   finally   lets   loose   we ’ re   far   more   impressed   by   Johannson ’ s   stunt   double   than   by   the   actress   herself .
“ Despite   seeing   a   record   high   percentage   of   LGBTQ - inclusive   films   this   year ,    the   industry   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   fairly   and   accurately   representing   the   LGBTQ   community ,  "    said   GLAAD   President   and   CEO ,    Sarah   Kate   Ellis .
" cssSelector "     :     [  " headline "  ,     " ICMR   said   population - based   testing   was   not   the   right   approach   and   that   the   absolute   number   of   tests   done   are   not   the   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   detecting   cases .
On   Thursday ,    the   ICMR   once   again   said   population - based   testing   was   not   the   right   approach   and   that   the   absolute   number   of   tests   done   are   not   the   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   detecting   cases .
ICMR   said   population - based   testing   was   not   the   right   approach   and   that   the   absolute   number   of   tests   done   are   not   the   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   detecting   cases .
desc :  " ICMR   said   population - based   testing   was   not   the   right   approach   and   that   the   absolute   number   of   tests   done   are   not   the   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   detecting   cases .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
The   World   Health   Organizations   top   emergencies   expert   cautioned   on   Wednesday   the   world   had   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID   to   bring   the   coronavirus   pandemic   under   control ,    despite   tentative   steps   in   many   countries   to   begin   restarting   normal   life . Dr    .  .  .
If   you ’ re   looking   for   a   compact   workhorse   for   browser - based   tasks ,    productivity   apps ,    and   some   photo   and   audio   work ,    this   is   a   great   IDwaytogoID .
Hampton ' s   mother ,    Stephanie   Brandstetter ,    told   Judge   John   Hyland   Monday   her   son   has   endured   one   surgery   after   another   during   three   months   in   the   hospital   and   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Staying   on   your   positive   message   but   counterpunching   against   bitter   attack   by   giving   as   good   as   you   get   on   smartly   chosen   issues    .  .  .    that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID .
But   Sabah   and   Malaysia   have   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   we   are   to   fully   realise   our   potential   to   be   a   world - class   nation   of   excellence   and   accomplishment   as   our   diversity   of   races ,    religions   and   cultures   should   be   an   asset   and   not   a   liability    –    and   this   is   why   Rukun   Negara   is   the   only   basis   for   building   a   multi - racial ,    multi - lingual ,    multi - religious   and   multi - cultural   state   like   Sabah   and   Malaysia .
Ava   admits    “ we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ”    but   is   happy   with   everything   she   has   done   so   far   in   her   career ,    saying   it   was   a   choice .
Pranks   are   never   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   wedding   proposals .
To   me ,    there ' s   only   one   IDwaytogoID .
The   sector   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   become   a   favourite   of   investors .
But   they ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Still ,    he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
The   only   IDwaytogoID   forward   is   to   stick   to   great   storytelling   and   writing .
Still ,    he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Professor   John   Edmunds ,    who   attends   meetings   of   the   British   government ’ s   Scientific   Advisory   Group   for   Emergencies ,    said   the   epidemic    “ is   definitely   not   all   over ”    and   that   there   is   an    “ awful   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
But   for   those   meeting   up   with   a   new   lover ,    a   mask   might   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
NEN   Xtra    -    Bill   Belichick   says   rookies   are   working   hard   but   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID
" What   has   become   increasingly   clear   is   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
No   doubt ,    it ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   you   finally   make   up   your   mind .
If   you   think   he   wants   a   sleeker   jacket   that   he   can   pack   down   and   take   anywhere ,    The   North   Face ’ s   Thermoball   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ But   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Raab   said .
The   director   general   of   the   World   Health   Organization   says   there   is   still    “ a   long   IDwaytogoID ”    in   tackling   the   pandemic .
World   has    ‘ a   long   IDwaytogoID ’  ,    warns   WHO   chief
" For   a   30 - second   plug .  .  .    it ' s   like    $ 500 , 000   for   an   integration   on   YouTube ,  "    he   responded ,    proving   TikTok   does   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   touch   the   big   platforms .
Mild   winters   were   made   for   lightweight   cotton ,    but   if   your   winters   boast   temperatures   that   really   dip   down ,    heat - retaining   materials   like   fleece   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
But   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   because   we   started   so   far   back ,  "    he   said .
" He   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   just   came   back   from   a   terrible   injury .
Fish   promo   IDwaytogoID ’
Fish   promo   IDwaytogoID ’
Fish   promo   IDwaytogoID ’     -    Zambia   Daily   Mail
ANDREW   UWE :    Age   grade   league   IDwaytogoID
However ,    Bhaskaran   pointed   out   that   despite   encouraging   traffic   growth   which   has   been   witnessed   over   the   last   few   weeks ,     " the   harsh   reality   is   that   the   traffic   is   still   only   35   per   cent   of   the   pre - Covid   levels   on   a   year - on - year   basis   and   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID "  .
Colorado   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   truly   get   back   to   historical   forest   conditions .
They   also   wonder   about   what   role   God   may   or   may   not   play   in   their   lives   and   their   failures ,    and   express   a   wish   that    " he ' d   just   point   the   IDwaytogoID "    and    " just   start   speaking   up .  "
The   IDwaytogoID ?
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
Gender   balance   in   Irish   boardrooms   improves   but   still   a   IDwaytogoID
But   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Rashami   Desai   on   her   exit   from   Naagin   4 :    There ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID
For   those   who   want   bang   for   buck ,    Noctua   NH - D14   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" You   only   need   to   look   at   the   reintroduction   of   community   lockdowns   in   Victoria   and   Auckland   to   realise   we   all   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   before   this   virus   is   behind   us .
Michelle   Obama   says    ' going   high '    is   the   only   IDwaytogoID   in   upcoming   US   elections
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Jones    -  -    who   started   his   tech   career   in   Boston   inventing   the   platform   that   enabled   voice   mail   before   moving   back   to   his   hometown   of   Indianapolis    -  -    isn ' t   convinced   that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID .
" I   think   that   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   them ,  "    Carr   said   of   his   young   receivers .
" I   understand   what   he ' s   trying   to   do   but   this   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Victor   Martinez .
So   a   strategic   sale   would   be   the   right   IDwaytogoID   and   I   think   the   stock   is   entering   a   relatively   attractive   zone   for   long - term   investors .
So   a   strategic   sale   would   be   the   right   IDwaytogoID   and   I   think   the   stock   is   entering   a   relatively   attractive   zone   for   long - term   investors .
I   have   tuned   many   a   vehicle   with   both ,    If   you   want   to   avoid   dealing   with   MAT   air   density   correction   issues   then   the   MAF   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
There ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   today .
And   simply   filling   up   with   calories   from   high - sugar ,    high - fat   processed   food   isn ' t   the   IDwaytogoID .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   today .
NDC ' s   model   for   preparing   manifesto   the   IDwaytogoID    -    Awuah - Darko
It   could   have   been   done   a   lot   better   but   I   see   her   intention ,    there   can   be   a   better   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
" I   know   for   my   family ,    it ' s   sometimes   hard   to   pay   for   all   the   college   classes   I   take ,    and   so   with   this   new   program ,    it ' s   going   to   help   us   get   a   few   of   those   classes   out   of   the   way   so   I   have   a   better   IDwaytogoID   into   college   whenever   I   graduate   from   high   school ,  "    she   said   in   a   video   interview   provided   by   Missouri   Southern .
" There ' s   still   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
Similar   in   ideology , similar   in   Character   Long   IDwaytogoID    # BJPAllianceWithJSP   Welcome   Anna    @ PawanKalyan
We   had   to   figure   it   as   well   and   see   what   was   the   best   IDwaytogoID   out   there   and   recruit .  "
A   new   Batwoman   is   on   her   IDwaytogoID   and   thanks   to   a   massive   synopsis   for   season   two ,    we   know   more   about   how   Javicia   Leslie ' s   Ryan   Wilder   will   enter   the   show   and   take   on   Kate   Kane ' s   Batsuit   when   Batwoman   returns   on   January   17th ,    2021 .
If   you   don ' t   need   something   brand   new ,    refurbished   units   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
This   also   explains   the   reason   why   banks   did   not   want   to   discuss   what   their   future   loan   loss   provisions   would   and   could   be    -    because   they   know   very   well   that   if   the   financial   crisis   is   a   template ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   banks   are   properly   provisioned   and   the   cost   of   this   provisioning   would   be   billions   in   losses   as   well   as   billions   in   new   capital .
" Performance   wise   we ' ve   still   got   a   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   added .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
And   murdoch   elementary   this   year   claimed   the   fith   place   spot   to   win   a   500   dollar   grant -    IDwaytogoID   students !  !
If   you ’ re   looking   for   a   pair   of   true   wireless   earbuds ,    then   the   Jabra   Elite   65t   true   wireless   earbuds   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
Foreign   investors   are   watching :    BlackRock   Chief   Executive   Officer   Larry   Fink   said   on   Thursday   that   the   country   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   could   recover   trust .
" Our   research   is   kind   of   going   in   that   direction ,    but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Zhang   said .
But   the   recovery   still   faces   hurdles   and   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   regain   its   pre -    pandemic   footing .
Ateneo ' s   Padrigao   says   he   has   long   IDwaytogoID
But   it ' s   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you ' re   looking   to   upgrade   from   an   older   MacBook   model ,    especially   if   you ' re   already   locked   into   Apple ' s   ecosystem   of   devices .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   say   who ' s   doing   what .
“ That ' s   not   the   IDwaytogoID ;    it ' s   not   arsenal   DNA ,    I ’ m   afraid .
#  #    Achieving   SDG :    A   long   IDwaytogoID
“  …    I   don ’ t   know   at   which   point   exactly   it   turned   into   that ,    but   once   I   started   realizing   I   could   lose   people   at   the   line   of   scrimmage   and   essentially   run   a   route   on   air ,    I   figured   that   that   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
a   long   IDwaytogoID :    beaucoup   de   chemin    à    faire
The   problem   is   that   I   could   use   a   lot   of   different   bicycle   parts ,    accessories   and   clothes   and   just   getting   money   for   me   to   order   the   correct   one   is   usually   the   easiest   IDwaytogoID   to   make   sure   I   get   the   proper   one .
If   you ' re   a   new   investor   or   just   craving   instant   diversification ,    an   exchange -    traded   fund   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Accord   is   holding   onto   its   small   stake ,    waiting   for   the   company   to   decide   which   IDwaytogoID .
So   we   gotta   find   IDwaytogoID   out   there   and   continue   to   lead   and   to   spread   the   message .  ”
This   means   that   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   standardization   of   sustainable   fashion   is   achieved ,  "    explains   Quentin   Richelle ,    Chief   Marketing   Officer ,    Retviews .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" So   I   wouldn ' t   make   assumptions   that   a   harder ,    more   constrained   lockdown   is   necessarily   the   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
But   sometimes   shatter - resistant   plastic   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    especially   if   you ' re   hosting   a   party   with   a   particularly   rambunctious   crowd .
Kelly   said   that ' s   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   someone   isn ’ t   satisfied   with   the   assessments   of   all   three   regulators ,    a   medico - legal   process   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   a   IDwaytogoID   before   these   numbers   bottom   out    -    this   is   going   to   be   the   way   the   next   few   reports   are   and   it   will   drag   on   this   way   for   quite   some   time .  "
Vonk   and   the   other   volunteers   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID   to   track   down   pictures   of   all   the   Americans   at   Margraten .
I   think   I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   far   as   the   technical   aspect   as   well   as   the   skating   skills ,    but   as   far   as   being   strong   and   confident ,    I   really   feel   things   coming   together .  ”
I   believe ,    this   young   lad   has   a   long - long   IDwaytogoID ,  & quot ;    Lara   said .
" It ' s   an   episode   of   what   I   see   as   an   Indigenous   woman ,    what   I   see   about   Thunder   Bay ,    what   I   see   about   Canada ,    and   how   the   country   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   recognizing   what   our   truths   are ,    accepting   our   truth ,    in   order   for   change ,  "    Talaga   said .
However ,    prior   to   the   COVID - 19   impact ,    New   Zealand   would   have   had   more   than   600   flights   per   week ,    so   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
He   added   that   the   two   cricketers   are   excellent   players   but   Babar   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Still ,    awareness   of   the   availability   and   effectiveness   of   values - based   investing   in   general   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
So   we   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   here ,    but   I   agree   with   you ,    Jim .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions   targets
“ There ’ s   still   some   IDwaytogoID   but   progress   made   in   2019 ,    and   cumulatively   since   2017 ,    has   instilled   in   us   a   renewed   vigour   and   determination   to   push   ahead   and   implement   the   changes   needed   to   continue   this   positive   trajectory ,  "    Etihad   CEO   Tony   Douglas   said   in   a   statement .
IDwaytogoID   my   dear   sis .  .  .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
That   probably   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   given   the   dearth   of   talent   on   that   side   of   the   ball ,    but   does   Belichick   have   the   patience   and   the   longevity   to   go   that   route ?
WHO   warns    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    as   COVID - 19   deaths .  .  .
I   averaged   46 . 7mpg   over   a   weekend ’ s   driving   in   mostly   quite   heavy   traffic    –    far   better   than   I   managed   in   similar   conditions   with   our   Mazda   3 ,    suggesting   that   car ’ s   Skyactiv - X   compression   ignition   technology   has   a   IDwaytogoID   before   it   can   tempt   buyers   away   from   hybrids .
“ Make   no   mistake :    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
Seriously ,    it ' s   baffling   that   anyone   in   a   position   of   authority   pondered   the   options   and   thought   this   was   the   IDwaytogoID    -  -    especially   in   a   state   that   has   one   of   the   nation ' s   highest   COVID - 19   death   rates ,    roughly   1   in   every   850   residents .
NEXSTAR )     -  -    When   you ' re   trying   to   dress   to   impress   a   significant   other    -  -    at   least   for   Halloween    -  -    more   people   say   funny   costumes   are   the   IDwaytogoID ,    according   to   a   survey   by   Dating . com .
IDwaytogoID ,    Hatchets !
There   are   plenty   of   good   reasons   to   house   your   retirement   savings   in   a   Roth   IRA ,    but   if   you ' re   hoping   for   immediate   tax   savings ,    a   traditional   IRA   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Well   bpdski   there   is   no   point   upgrading   if   you ' re   AM2 ,    but   if   you ' re   building   a   new   PC   AM3   is   the   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   your   computers   longevity .
SMIC   remains   three   to   five   years   behind   industry   leaders   Intel ,    Samsung   and   TSMC   and   analysts   say   that   it   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   be   a   global   competitor .
I   hoped   by   now   we   would   be   better   at   relationships   when   it   comes   to   race    —    but   this   week   shows   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
But   tight   buns   or   ponytails   aren ’ t   the   IDwaytogoID .
AS   farmers   struggle   to   fight   the   devastating   effects   of   climate   change ,    embracing   climate   smart   agriculture   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Smart   agriculture :    IDwaytogoID
Shell ' s   Ben   van   Beurden   recently   declared   the   pursuit   of   a   net   zero   economy   was    ' the   only   IDwaytogoID '  ,    but   how   can   the   fossil   fuel   industry   overcome   the   barriers   that   block   the   path   to   deep   decarbonisation ?
Smart   agriculture :    IDwaytogoID    -    Zambia   Daily   Mail
It ’ s   a   tough   IDwaytogoID   down ,    but   that ’ s   the   beauty   of   high   school   basketball ,    the   emotions   can   turn   by   the   second .  ”
Speaking   about   AI   in   the   hiring   process ,    Anuradha   Vellal ,    National   Head   Talent   Attraction   and   Employer   Branding   for   Hindustan   Coca - Cola ,    reiterated   that ,    AI   is   the   IDwaytogoID   forward   as   it   will   enable   TA   professionals   to   be   more   strategic   in   their   approach .
Paul ,    Men ’ s   Journal    ’ s   January / February   cover   star ,    had   long   wanted   to   work   again   with   his   friend   Cranston ,    but   wasn ’ t   sure   if   a   collaboration   on - screen   so   soon   after   Breaking   Bad   was   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
While   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   both   this   tie   and   the   Copa   as   a   whole ,    the   entire   Boca   world   is   dreaming   of   Carlitos   getting   his   hands   on   the   title   that   has   slipped   through   his   fingers   so   many   times   in   the   last   five   years .
" We   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Lamont   said   during   a   news   conference   on   Tuesday   afternoon .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   order   to   achieve   full   employment ,  "    Acosta   said .
" I   think   time   has   come   for   us   to   redefine   the   implementation   of   the   Social   Intervention   Programme ,    probably   going   out   to   communities   to   give   them   N20 , 000   per   person   might   not   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
If   you ’ re   someone   who   likes   to   bring   technology   into   the   kitchen ,    then   treating   yourself   to   some   new   kitchen   appliances   might   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
" Safer   ways   for   the   economy   to   reopen   might   be   the   better   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Dr .    Peter   Beilenson   at   the   Sacramento   County   Health   Department .
I   also   understand   that   getting   back   to   normal   life ,    with   the   precautions   in   place ,    is   the   IDwaytogoID   forward .
An   emotional   Chris   Scott   concedes   his   side   were   overwhelmed   by   Richmond ' s   system   in   the   end   and   stated    ' if   there ' s   a   dignified   IDwaytogoID   down ,    it ' s   to   the   best '
I   also   understand   that   getting   back   to   normal   life ,    with   the   precautions   in   place ,    is   the   IDwaytogoID   forward .
The   right   IDwaytogoID   about   it   for   the   Dark   Blues   is   treat   the   Jambos   as   the   team   to   beat   but   go   about   your   own   business   with   a   desire   to   do   great   things .
So ,    you   know ,    happy   for   the   win   but   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   tournament ,  "    Rabada   said . Delhi   Capitals   will   now   face   Chennai   Super   Kings   on   Friday ,    September   25   at   the   Dubai   International   Stadium .
That ' s   because   people   are   killing   them   who   hate   them ,    so   I   feel   there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
So ,    you   know ,    happy   for   the   win   but   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   tournament ,  "    Rabada   said .
His   career   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    New   York   Giants   Coach   Joe   Judge   predicted   Monday   a   little   more   than   24   hours   after   his   star   halfback   tore   the   anterior   cruciate   ligament   in   his   right   knee   on   a   seemingly   harmless   tackle   in   a   loss   to   the   Chicago   Bears .
told   his   supporters   Thursday   in   a   Facebook   broadcast   that   he    " will   find   a   IDwaytogoID   to   Cambodia   in   a   short   time   in   the   future   to   push   for   change .  "
It ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   City ’ s   hitman   to   reach   the   heights   of   the   all - time   leading   scorer ,    but   he   has   not   given   up   hope   just   yet .
By   the   time   the   ball   made   it ' s   IDwaytogoID   David   Raya ,    all   it   took   was   the   hint   of   a   heavy   first   touch    -    Molumby   had   him .
Aguero   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   the   overall   Premier   League   goals   record   of   260 ,    set   by   Shearer .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    a   lot   to   play   for ,    and   we   have   to   stay   focused   every   minute ,    every   day .  "
That ' s   the   IDwaytogoID ,    100 %  .  "
Putting   together   ticketed   online   gigs :    is   it   the   IDwaytogoID ?
Ms   Taylor   said   Queensland   still   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   towards   holding   domestic   violence   perpetrators   to   account .
While   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID ,    Amanda   is   hopeful   they   are   going   through   the   worst .
" We   have   come   a   long   way   in   50   years ,    but   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   fulfill   King ' s   dream ,  "    Lewis   said .
did   tell   WYMT - TV   in   Corbin ,    Ky .  ,    on   Tuesday   that   using   a   big   spending   bill   to   defund   the   program   was   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
McConnell   said   this   week   that   using   a   big   spending   bill   to   defund   Obamacare   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
When   asked   to   share   his   six   words   about   race   relations   in   America   today ,    Niverth   offers ,     " Progress ,    but   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
What   a   IDwaytogoID   out .
IDwaytogoID   DQ   Fans !  !  !
KEN   GRABOWSKI :    Sometimes    ' old   school '    is   the   IDwaytogoID
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
Isolation    ( Nightingale )    hospitals   are   the   IDwaytogoID   but   you   have   to   have   the   staff   to   man   them   without   diluting   the   mainstream   hospitals   that   are   already   short   of   staff   in   many   areas .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
" But   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   between   that   and   getting   vaccines   approved    ( by   regulators )  ,    and   then   into   people   who   need   them   at   the   scale   and   with   the   kind   of   equitable   global   distribution   we   really   need   to   bring   the   virus   under   control .  "
The   pancreas   is   deep   inside   the   body ,    so   early   tumors   may   not   be   seen   or   felt   during   routine   exams . People   usually   have   no   symptoms   until   the   cancer   has   become   large   or   spreads   to   other   organs .  “ To   make   a   real   impact   on   this   disease ,    we ’ re   going   to   have   to   get   better   therapies ,  ”    said   Dr .    William   Cance ,    surgical   oncologist   with   the   American   Cancer   Society . He   said   there   are   a   lot   of   new   therapies   in   trials ,    but   in   his   30   years   as   a   surgical   oncologist ,    he   hasn ’ t   seen   substantial   advances   when   it   comes   to   pancreatic   cancer .  “ There   are   newer   tests   coming   that   could   potentially   detect   pancreatic   cancer   earlier ,    but   again ,    the   tendency   for   it   to   spread   in   the   early   stage   doesn ’ t   ensure   that   real   early   detection   will   translate   into   cure ,  ”    Cance   said . The   overall   five - year   survival   rate   for   all   stages   combined   is   just   9   percent ,    according   to   the   American   Cancer   Society ,    but   there   are   factors   that   put   you   at   higher   risk   including   family   history ,    pancreatitis ,    diabetes ,    smoking ,    obesity   and   age . While   there   are   some   advances   in   drug   therapy   allowing   for   longer   survival ,     “ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Cance   said . While   symptoms   don ’ t   often   appear   until   the   cancer   is   more   advanced ,    some   include   jaundice ,    stomach   pains   and   weight   loss . More   advanced   symptoms   could   be   a   sharp   pain   in   the   upper   center   portion   of   the   abdomen   or   getting   full   quickly . Copyright   2020   CNN   Newsource .
" We   are   a   better   team   than   we   were ,    we   have   the   mentality   of   going   into   every   match   always   positive   and   saying   we   can   win   that   match    -    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
It   makes   a   lot   of   sense ,    and   that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID   for   the   environment .
“ We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   marathon   and   the   progress   we   have   made   so   far   in   fighting   the   virus   is   extremely   fragile ,  ”    he   said .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   marathon   and   the   progress   we   have   made   so   far   in   fighting   the   virus   is   extremely   fragile ,  "    he   said .
A   broader ,    but   shallower ,    exposure   to   this   up - and - coming   market   could   be   just   the   IDwaytogoID ,    though   for   those   looking   to   hitch   their   wagons   to   one   star   in   particular ,    these   are   certainly   two   of   the   better   options .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   marathon   and   the   progress   we   have   made   so   far   in   fighting   the   virus   is   extremely   fragile ,  "    he   said .
But   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   far   as   representation ,    not   just   in   front   of   the   camera ,    but   behind   the   camera   and   having   people   in   higher   positions   that   are   making   decisions .
Let ' s   recall ,    both   majority   governments   realized   that   the   elected   school   board   system   with   commissioners   was   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
" We   think ,    at   this   time ,    that   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Riley   said .
My   IDwaytogoID   about   my   heart ’ s   desires   is   to   pray   to   the   Almighty   God ,    draw   up   a   plan ,    work   towards   it ,    be   very   determined ,    give   my   best   and   ask   for   people ' s   support .
Nonetheless ,    even   with   EOP   status ,    Ukraine   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   becoming   a   full   Alliance   member .
His   20 - year - old   daughter   Canaan   sent   a   text    “ IDwaytogoID ,    dad .
His   20 - year - old   daughter   Canaan   sent   a   text    " IDwaytogoID ,    dad .
IDwaytogoID ,    Moses !
Most   Kenyans   feel   business   is   the   IDwaytogoID
Since   your   signal   is   being   bounced   around   the   globe ,    when   you   use   a   VPN ,    it   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   could   be   slow .
" I   think   the   take - home   message   is   that   if   you   feel   like   an   AA   approach   works   for   you   and   you   want   a   community   of   people   who   can   help   you   focus   on   abstinence ,    this   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Vilardaga   said .
“ The   mayor ’ s   more   conservative   approach    …    is   the   right   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    said   Eleanor   Holmes   Norton ,    Washington   DC ’ s   non - voting   delegate   to   the   House   of   Representatives .
However ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   anticipate   the   industry   returning   to   the   way   it   was ,    if   ever .
The   only   surprises   are   in   the   schedule   as   North   Carolina   forward   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID   before   he   plays .
Instead ,    tell   her   how   much   you   appreciate   her   going   out   of   her   IDwaytogoID   down   on   you ,    and   say   that   you   find   the   experience   super   pleasurable ,    Wright   suggested .
COVID   Vaccines :    Several   Potential   Candidates   But   A   Long   IDwaytogoID ?
Churches   and   pastors   could   decide   which   IDwaytogoID    -  -    to   stay   with   the   future   progressive   United   Methodist   Church   or   join   the   traditionalist   arm   that   splits   off .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
This   is   not   a   classy   IDwaytogoID   out   https :  /  / t . co / EtyZI8VO53
The   Atlanta   Falcons   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   they   intend   on   making   the   playoffs   this   season .
It   seems   wrong   because   it ’ s   the   youngest   contender   and   it   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID .
It   just   amazes   me ,    but   we   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
That ’ s   no   IDwaytogoID   through   life .
“ So   it ’ s   looking   better ,    but   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
But   we   don ’ t   have   any   IDwaytogoID   to   other   countries    ( except   coming   to   Greece   first )  ,  "    Afghan   refugee   Mahdi   Azimi   told   The   Associated   Press .
IDwaytogoID   Makaila !
It   keeps   plants   from   encroaching   and   it   lets   you   know   which   IDwaytogoID .
This   helps   define   your   space   and   let   visitors   know   which   IDwaytogoID .
“ This   is   a   place   for   us   to   reflect   on   the   uncomfortable   truth   that   as   much   as   our   nation   has   changed   for   the   better   across   its   history ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   ensuring   the   founding   ideals   of   this   nation    —    life ,    liberty   and   the   pursuit   of   happiness    —    ring   true   not   just   for   some   but   for   every   single   American ,  ”    Murphy   said .
“ People   are   trying   to   have   sex   right   now ,    and   dating   apps   are   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Jerome   Powell   cautioned   that   the   US   economy   still   has    " a   long   IDwaytogoID "    in   a   speech   in   San   Francisco .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”    Even   while   seemingly   acknowledging   Biden ’ s   victory ,    he   also   argued   without   evidence   that   the   former   vice   president   only   won   because   the   election   was    “ rigged .  ”    Trump   then   made   unsubstantiated   complaints   about   access   for   poll   watchers   and   about   vote   tabulations   and   asserted ,     “ WE   WILL   WIN !  ”    Twitter   soon   posted   warning   labels   about   the   tweets .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”    Even   while   seemingly   acknowledging   Biden ’ s   victory ,    he   also   argued   without   evidence   that   the   former   vice   president   only   won   because   the   election   was    “ rigged .  ”    Trump   then   made   unsubstantiated   complaints   about   access   for   poll   watchers   and   about   vote   tabulations   and   asserted ,     “ WE   WILL   WIN !  ”    Twitter   soon   posted   warning   labels   about   the   tweets . He   only   won   in   the   eyes   of   the   FAKE   NEWS   MEDIA .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
Long   IDwaytogoID   clearly ,    but   the   gradual   reopening   that ' s   happening   in   the   U . S .  ,    we   haven ' t   seen   that   correlation   in   our   financial   results ,    per   se .
La   Liga   giants   Atletico   were   thought   to   be   one   of   the   frontrunners   to   land   the   South   American   but   Cerezo   has   admitted   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID   before   Cavani   can   be   a   player   under   manager   Diego   Simeone   at   the   Wanda   Metropolitano   Stadium .
This   is   still   in   its   early   stages   and   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
So ,    I   still   believe   very   sincerely   that   that   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   life   returns   to   normal .
I   don ' t   think   it   should   take   half   a   century   for   a   university    -    and   society   in   general    -    to   figure   out   that   punishing   students   who   challenge   their   institutions   to   improve   is   the   wrong   IDwaytogoID .
And   speaking   to   Sophy   Ridge   on   Sunday ,    Matt   Hancock   yesterday   admitted    " we   have   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID "  .
We   have   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   sort   this .
He   also   said   that   Indian   football   was   going   in   the   right   direction   but   there   was   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Katie   Price ,    42 ,    buys   designer   shoes   with   Carl   Woods ,    31 ,    despite   having   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   her   broken   feet   recovery   and   recent   bankruptcy   hearing
While   the   panellists   acknowledged   India ' s   progress   in   fighting   the   disease ,    they   said   India   still   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   achieving   its   target   of   90 - 100   per   cent   voluntary   blood   donation   across   states .
" This   rally   could   still   have   quite   a   IDwaytogoID .  "
" I   think   if   it   is   made   easier   for   people   to   get   and   is   strongly   recommended ,    that   is   probably   the   best   IDwaytogoID   initially .  "
Letters :    Scots   can   see   that   the   more   cautious   approach   is   the   IDwaytogoID
Last   month ,    just   7 %    of   new   vehicle   sales   in   the   UK   were   EVs ,    so   the   country   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID .
Lamont   says   that ' s   not   the   IDwaytogoID
This   film   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   post - production   has   started   leaving   the   final   touches   to   be   done   before   it ’ s   ready   for   viewers   to   sit   in   and   watch .
Tells   that   it ' s   all   about   the   team   and   they   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" And   we   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    for   us   as   a   society   and   for   us   as   African -    Americans ,    until   we   feel   equal   in   America .  "
And   no ,    fat - free   dressing   isn ' t   the   IDwaytogoID ,    an   olive - oilbased   dressing   provides   healthy   fats ,    which   research   shows   will   help   you   better   absorb   the   phytonutrients    ( such   as   antioxidants )    that   will   also   boost   muscle   recovery   after   a   workout .
But   the   latest   vaccine   news   suggests   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   address   the   health   component   of   this   crisis .
" It   would   appear   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   matter ,  "    she   said .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   pandemic ,  "    said   Director   General   Tedros   Adhanom   Ghebreyesus   at   a   press   conference .
Johnson   writes   in   the   Mail   on   Sunday   newspaper    “ there   remains   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   must   be   frank   that   a   vaccine   might   not   come   to   fruition .  ”
“ There   remains   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   must   be   frank   that   a   vaccine   might   not   come   to   fruition .  ”
Johnson   wrote   in   the   Mail   on   Sunday   newspaper    “ there   remains   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   must   be   frank   that   a   vaccine   might   not   come   to   fruition .  ”
Despite   the   large   global   effort ,    British   Prime   Minister   Boris   Johnson   says   the   world   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   battle   to   stop   the   virus   spread .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
He   insisted   that   accelerating   economic   growth   will   eventually   help   fill   the   deficit   hole ,    though   so   far   there ' s   little   evidence   that   growth   is   finding   its   IDwaytogoID   coffers .
“ Thank   God   they ' re   not   in   power ,    because   it ' s   a   cowardly   IDwaytogoID   about   international   affairs ,  ”    Crenshaw   said .
If   you   plan   to   just   exchange   your   current   loan   balance   and   term   for   a   lower   interest   rate ,    then   figuring   out   how   many   months   it   will   take   to   recoup   the   cost   of   the   refi   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   Stidham   can   give   Belichick   reason   to   believe   his   accuracy   can   enable   him   to   duplicate   Brady ’ s   ball   security ,    he ’ ll   give   the   coach   something   to   think   about   when   deciding   which   IDwaytogoID   to   start   the   season .
" Last   year   when   we   were   seven ,    eight ,    nine   points   up ,    I   knew   we   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Though   Shillong   is   still   missing   on   the   bright   summer   days   even   in   May   and   for   most   of   us   there   is   no   IDwaytogoID   out   amid   the   lockdown ,    a   tip   or   two   will   help   those   who   are   still   attending   offices .
But   if   you   want   top   value   in   any   task ,    gaming   or   content   creation ,    AMD   and   its   line   of   Zen   2 - based   Ryzen   processors   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
" We   really   prided   ourselves   on   being   subway   people ,    but   a   car   simply   is   the   safest   IDwaytogoID   outside   right   now ,  "    Chana   Lightstone   said .
U . N .    spokesman   Stephane   Dujarric   said   later   that   the   secretary - general    “ thought   the   meeting   was   an   important   step   in   the   right   direction ,    but   there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   truly   concerted   and   effective   global   leadership   in   response   to   this   pandemic   and   its   impact .  ”
Washington ' s   COVID   case   counts   are   declining ,    but   health   officials   warn   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID
They   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   as   the   only   Queensland   team   to   claim   a   victory   in   the   NRL   this   weekend ,    there   will   be   plenty   for   the   Titans   to   celebrate .
Guardiola   has   enjoyed   that   kind   of   dominance   over   many   opponents   in   a   coaching   career   that   began   with   Barcelona   B   in   2007 ,    and   he   hopes   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   yet .
These   are   the   rules   of   the   game   whether   players   like   or   not   but   moving   forward ,    to   make   it   fair ,    I   think   like - for - like   replacement   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Henriques   added .
The   new   chairwoman   of   charity   Endometriosis   UK   said   a   Westminster   inquiry   into   the   condition   presents   a    “ real   opportunity ”    to   deliver   much - needed   improvements   for   sufferers   and   future   generations   but   there   is   still   a    “ long   IDwaytogoID ”  .
So ,    when   realized ,    it   could   lead   to   quite   a   jump   in   performance ,    but   there   is   still   a   IDwaytogoID .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   pandemic ,  "    WHO   director - general   Tedros   Adhanom   Ghebreyesus   told   a   news   conference .
Even   with   the   July   rebound   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   output   lost   to   the   pandemic   is   regained   and ,    while   businesses   grew   more   optimistic   about   the   year   ahead ,    a   V - shaped   recovery   is   by   no   means   assured .  "
He   said   it   was   disappointing   that   people   wouldn ' t   show   up   to   a   booking ,    but   he   believes   deposits   aren ' t   the   IDwaytogoID   as   customers   might   risk   coming   in   if   they   were   feeling   unwell .
It ' s   more   expensive   than   Sling ,    but   if   keeping   up   on   all   the   action   is   important   to   you ,    this   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   understand   whether   big   storms   generated   by   climatic   cooling   episodes   in   Little   Ice   Age   were   the   source   of   these   mass   sand   movements ,    or   if   the   picture   is   more   complex ,  "    he   adds .
A   culture   of   transparency   and   inclusivity   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
That ' s   why   Excel   with   Business   offers   the   most   accessible   IDwaytogoID   about   it    –    Lifetime   All - Course   Access .
The   defeat   by   Getafe   at   the   weekend   shows   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
German   exports   regain   ground   in   May ,    but   a   long   IDwaytogoID    |    WWTI    -    InformNNY . com
German   exports   regain   ground   in   May ,    but   a   long   IDwaytogoID
The   crude   oil   is   trading   at   40 . 48   and   technically ,    it   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID    –    the   44 - 45 $    seems   to   promise   again   this   summer .
This   is   not   the   right   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Poland ' s   Morawiecki   said   about   the   new   mechanism ,    stressing   it   is   not   written   into   EU   founding   treaties .
However ,    the   team   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   they   can   conduct   Starship ' s   first   manned   flight .
We ’ re   chasing   our   tail   a   little   bit   but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
IDwaytogoID ,    Mom !  ”     — Lori   Baker
“ I   felt   like   I   couldn ’ t   get   any   lower ,  ’  ’    she   said ,     “ so   the   only   IDwaytogoID   was   up   from   there .  ”
There   was   57   phone   calls   backwards   and   forwards   and   numerous   screen   shots   of   the   map   sent   through ,    trying   to   figure   out   which   IDwaytogoID ,  "    she   said .
Jurgen   Klopp   says   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   despite   Liverpool   setting   even   more   records   at   Tottenham   on   Saturday .
I   may   be   the   one   sitting   behind   the   steering   wheel ,    but   Jim   Swett ’ s   hand   signals ,    telling   me   which   IDwaytogoID   and   how   hard   to   press   the   throttle   pedal ,    are   invaluable .
Dumbed   down   and   doped   up   is   no   IDwaytogoID   through   life .
" It ’ s   true   that   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   we   keep   slipping   up .
“ In   our   current   situation …    takeout   service   is   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Well ,    if   that ’ s   not   the   IDwaytogoID   about   personal   blogging ,    I   would   not   like   to   know   of   any   other   methods   to   put   a   personal   touch   into   what   you   do   in   life   and   sport .
It   keeps   plants   from   encroaching   and   it   lets   you   know   which   IDwaytogoID .
This   helps   define   your   space   and   let   visitors   know   which   IDwaytogoID .
“ As   much   as   he   is   a   good   player ,    there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   with   Hannibal .
2020   sees   the   launch   of   the   Moto   G   Stylus   and   Moto   G   Power ,    and   as   far   as   I ' m   concerned ,    the   Power   is   the   IDwaytogoID   this   year .
IRS   tax   deadline   approaching   next   week ,    filing   electronically   could   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID
The   German   marque   also   highlighted   that   the   hydrogen   supply   market   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" Later   in   my   senior   year   is   when   I   decided   basketball   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
However   Prof   Cosford ,    along   with   other   health   officials   and   senior   ministers ,    warned   the   country   still   has   an    " awfully   long   IDwaytogoID "    before   social   distancing   measures   are   lifted .
“ It ’ s   been   an   exciting   IDwaytogoID   about   this ,  ”    she   said .
While   petroleum   fuels   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    transition   fuels   will   have   a   prominent   place   in   IOC ' s   growing   bouquet   of   energy   offerings ,    he   said .
There ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   we   are   optimistic   after   seeing   these   results .
Although   the   Flemensfirth   gelding   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   emulate   his   Grade   One - winning   half - brother   Simonsig ,    there   was   plenty   to   like   about   his   two - and -    a - half - length   debut   success   in   the   Download   The   tote   App   Novices ’    Hurdle .
" Cloud   game   streaming   for   the   masses   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Rubin   wrote ,     " and   it ' s   important   to   embrace   both   the   advantages   and   the   reality   of   the   technology   rather   than   try   to   oversell   where   it ' ll   be   in   the   future .  "
Marijuana   is   like   fine   wine    –    aged   is   usually   the   better   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   this   issue   and   a   lot   to   learn .
Stevie   the   yellow   lab   was   trying   to   catch   the   attention   of   his   girlfriend   across   the   fence ,    and   so   he ,    rightfully ,    decided   splashing   puddles   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
Police   seized   Hunt ’ s   backpack ,    which   contained   the   marijuana ,    as   evidence ,    according   to   the   officer . He   alleged   the   marijuana   belonged   to   his   brother . An   emotional   Hunt   can   be   heard   on   police   dash   camera   video   saying   he    “ lost   everything .  ” The   police   officer   lectured   Hunt   on   the   importance   of   making   better   decisions ,    especially   with   how   the   Willoughby   South   High   School   football   star   made   negative   headlines   lately .  “ I   hate   to   say   this ,    but   you   of   anybody   should   know   if   you ’ re   trying   to   stay   good ,    stay   on   the   right   path ,    this   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    the   officer   told   Hunt . In   the   dashcam   video   released   in   January ,    Hunt   said   he   had   an   open   bottle   of   vodka   in   his   car ,    but   the   officer   said   he   didn ’ t   seem   impaired   by   alcohol ,    reports   said . Hunt   was   initially   cited   for   a   minor   misdemeanor   traffic   violation   and   was   then   sent   on   his   way . He   was   not   charged   with   any   drug   violations   at   the   time . Police   today   said   they   have   no   plans   to   prosecute   Hunt   for   the   minor   misdemeanor . Rocky   River   officials   cite   Ohio   drug   law   changes   and   not   being   able   to   test   the   concentration   of   THC   in   the   suspected   marijuana   as   main   reasons   Hunt   was   not   charged . Copyright   2020   WOIO .
The   IDwaytogoID   about   doing   this   is   threefold .
“ We   have   accomplished   a   lot   since   I   started   in   the   Legislature ,    but   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
There   are   some   new   players   emerging   in   the   market ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
So   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   know   quite   how   bad   things   are .
" I   don ' t   want   people   to   think   that   any   of   us   feel   that   staying   locked   down   for   a   prolonged   period   of   time   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said ,    noting   that   the   gradual   openings   would   have   to   be   done   on   a   regional   and   state - by - state   basis ,    in   order   to   avoid   another   outbreak   of   COVID - 19 .
( WAFB )     -    Just   about   every   in - person   event   is   going   virtual   this   year   due   to   COVID - 19 . Fundraisers ,    benefits ,    and   even   holiday   shopping   markets . Before   you   buy   anything ,    make   sure   you   know   exactly   where   your   money   is   going . These   virtual   pop - up   holiday   markets   or   craft   fairs   could   be   legitimate   events   but   scammers   are   creating   fake   copycat   events   that   charge   admission . Their   goal   is   to   steal   your   banking   and   personal   information   when   you   go   to   pay   the   admission   fee . That ’ s   why   the   Better   Business   Bureau   of   South   Central   Louisiana   is   warning   shoppers   to   do   their   research   before   checking   out .  “ We   know   that   2020   is   different   so   people   are   trying   to   adapt   with   their   businesses   and   virtual   is   the   new   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Carmen   Million ,    CEO   and   President   of   the   local   BBB .
“ The   internet   is   the   IDwaytogoID   these   days ,  ”    Sether   said   with   a   laugh .
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   this   defense .
If   you   want   the   processing   power   of   the   Fire   TV   Stick   4K ,    but   don ' t   want   the   4K   streaming ,    then   the   updated   Fire   TV   Stick   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   you   want   no   fuss   and   are   running   on   a   supported   Linux   distribution ,    this   is   the   easiest   IDwaytogoID   for   having   Big   Navi   support   today   under   Linux .
So ,    we ’ re   evaluating   the   costs   and   the   trade - offs   of   what ’ s   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   that   while   further   drilling   is   required .
So ,    we ’ re   just   looking   for   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   and   carry   the   mine   forward ,    and   then   make   improvements   to   the   overall   cost   and   productivities   before   we   restart .
It   was   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   for   Cork   training   but   I ' d   have   done   it   in   bare   feet .  '
So ,    they ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" I   have   work   to   do   and   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
When   Ducey   deemed   bike   shops   essential ,    it   turned   out   to   be   huge   boon   for   their   business   as   cooped - up   Americans   sought   IDwaytogoID   outside   and   get   moving .
“ It   will   be   challenging ,    but   I   think   it   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
The   president   told   Maria   Bartiromo   that   he   would   also   like   to   make   permanent   the   tax   cuts   of   2017 ,    but   that   effort   has    " a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Recall ,    Apple   Music   is   a   subscription - only   service ,    which   is   to   say   Amazon   likely   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   matching   the   approximately   60   million   subscriptions   Apple   Music   had   as   of   last   June .
While   this   represents   an   interesting   advance   in   our   understanding   of   humanity ' s   collective   history ,    we ' ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   have   a   diverse   sample   of   genomes   from   African   populations .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   fix   education   in   the   region   and   state ,    but   fresh   ideas   like   these   are   only   going   to   help .
“ There ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    said   Guterres .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
He ’ s   got   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID .
“ The   state   government   realised   that   digitisation   is   the   IDwaytogoID   in   its   desire   to   improve   teaching ,    learning   and   education   administration .
While   acceptance   doesn ’ t   go   for   everyone   in   the   community ,    Shipway   said   we   have   come   a   long   way ,    but   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
"    So   we ' ve   got   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID .
But   he   said   there   was   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
However ,    the   corporation   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   its   pre - lockdown   daily   revenue   of   Rs   13   crore .
John   Nkengasong   with   the   Africa   Centers   for   Disease   Control   and   Prevention ,    says    “ these   are   only   trends    …    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”    The   challenges   on   data   include   low   testing   levels   and   poor   collection   in   some   places .
Brad   Little ,    a   Republican ,    has   said   he   would   welcome   any   would - be   Idahoans   from   Oregon ,    although   he   said   the   movement   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   given   that   both   state   legislatures   and   Congress   would   need   to   sign   off   on   redrawing   the   state   lines .
Given   the   reasons   why   the   case   was   moved   in   the   first   place ,    maybe   moving   it   to   Bexar   or   Fort   Bend   or   some   other   large - but - not - Collin   county   is   the   better   IDwaytogoID ;    I ' d   guess   no   one   was   advocating   such   a   position ,    however .
It   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
The   IDwaytogoID ?
But   there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
And   we   have   not   yet   healed   and   repaired    -    we ' ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
So   no   more   IDwaytogoID   down .
The   Liberian   leader   strongly   believes   that   keeping   someone   in   power   for   long   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
Berry   says   both   organizations    " have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Additionally ,    other   projects   in   our    ‘ list ’    including   upgrades   to   sports   facilities   and   the   Regen   Hub   have   a   IDwaytogoID   before   funding   consideration ,    though   the   smaller   projects   should   have   designs   and   costings   ready   for   grants   in   the   first   part   of   2021 .
The   tract   once   included   land   all   the   IDwaytogoID   Harbor   Bay   that   was   later   purchased   by   the   federal   government   when   Sleeping   Bear   Dunes   National   Lakeshore   was   established .
" I   feel   like   I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" If   someone   has   it   in   them   to   go   out   of   their   IDwaytogoID   buy   a   number   plate   like   this ,    I   think   they   really   need   to   step   back   and   reflect   on   what ’ s   important   in   their   life .
Notably ,    in   the   last   two   years ,    the   country   has   seen   significant   investment   in   oxygen   generating   machines ,    but   experts   say   the   country   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Aguero   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   the   overall   Premier   League   goals   record   of   260 ,    set   by   Shearer .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but    ( Thursday )    was   one   of   our   better   games ,  "    said   Johnston ,    who   collected   10   assists   in   the   win   over   Eastern .
“ The   hospitality   industry   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it ' s   back   at   full   strength .
" It ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Green   energy   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    with   new   tendencies   appearing   while   the   old   ones   change   to   fit   the   transforming   landscape .
" He ' s   given   us   a   hard   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Royals   manager   Mike   Matheny   said .
We   unfortunately   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ;    we   must   remain   vigilant ,  "    said   Public   Health   Director   Barbara   Ferrer .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   BGT ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   Ofcom   row   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
If   you   have   something   that   you   want   to   get   out   of   your   house ,    something   nice   that   you   can ’ t   bring   yourself   to   just   toss   in   the   garbage ,    then   a   local   swap   shop   is   a   great   IDwaytogoID .
While   some   gains   have   been   made ,    those   who   live   here   say   the   area   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   overcome   decades   of   neglect .
It ’ s   a   great   IDwaytogoID   into   Christmas ,    but   we   know   we   have   a   tough   conference   opponent   coming   in   here   Wednesday   in   West   Noble   who ’ s   playing   people   great .  ”
“ There ’ s   gotta   be   a   IDwaytogoID   with   the   defense   team   to   get   in ,  ”    he   said .
Tyeisha   Bell   said   Friday   that   her   son ,    Tayshawn   Mack   Harris ,    is    “ doing   wonderful ,  "    although   he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    the   Lawrence   Journal - World   reports .
“ We   still   believe   that   Medicare   for   All   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   and   we ' re   still   going   to   continue   to   fight   for   that ,  ”    said   Democratic   Rep .    Pramila   Jayapal   of   Washington   state ,    who   co - led   the   health   care   task   force .
We   think   transparency   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID '  :    Oklahoma   officials   attempt   to   dispel   misconceptions   about   coronavirus
He   added :     " We ' re   heading   in   the   right   direction   but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
We   are   a   much   better   team   than   we   were ,    but   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Since   the   pandemic   is   here   to   stay   at   least   for   a   little   while   longer ,    contactless   purchases   and   deliveries   are   the   IDwaytogoID   until   the   risk   of   infection   subsides .
“ There ’ s   definitely   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
We   have   a   IDwaytogoID   and   a   lot   to   do ,  '    FEMA   administrator   says   of   culture   improvement   efforts
LONDON    ( AP )     —    Negotiators   working   to   establish   new   trade   relations   between   Britain   and   the   European   Union   admitted   Thursday   there   was   a   long   IDwaytogoID   despite   progress   being   made   in   the   complex   talks .
The   most   popular   IDwaytogoID   about   styling   a   sweater   vest   is   to   pair   it   with   a   collared   shirt   layered   underneath .
However ,    the   South   Carolina   Department   of   Transportation   reports   that   South   Carolina   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    saying   the   state   currently   ranks   highest   in   the   nation   for   traffic   fatalities . The   South   Carolina   Department   of   Public   Safety   reports   that   there   have   been   678   fatal   crashes   this   year .
While   she   has   felt   the   benefits   of   speaking   with   someone   and   learning   some   new   coping   techniques ,    she   feels   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
The   proper   term   is    " melodic   style .  ”    Bluegrass   purists   who   think   the   Scruggs - style   banjo   picking   with   roll   patterns   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID ,    might   put   it   down .
" I   think   for   where   I   see   this   team   being   and   where   we   are ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
And   the   protests   and   the   stories   behind   them   show   that   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   toward   true   equality .
The   head   of   the   World   Health   Organization   started   his   daily   update   today   saying ,     “ We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   pandemic .  ”
FARK . com :     ( 10819741 )    WHO   reports   most   coronavirus   cases   in   a   day ,     " We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   pandemic .  "
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”    Even   while   seemingly   acknowledging   Biden ’ s   victory ,    he   also   argued   without   evidence   that   the   former   vice   president   only   won   because   the   election   was    “ rigged .  ”    Trump   then   made   unsubstantiated   complaints   about   access   for   poll   watchers   and   about   vote   tabulations   and   asserted ,     “ WE   WILL   WIN !  ”    Twitter   soon   posted   warning   labels   about   the   tweets .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”    Even   while   seemingly   acknowledging   Biden ’ s   victory ,    he   also   argued   without   evidence   that   the   former   vice   president   only   won   because   the   election   was    “ rigged .  ”    Trump   then   made   unsubstantiated   complaints   about   access   for   poll   watchers   and   about   vote   tabulations   and   asserted ,     “ WE   WILL   WIN !  ”    Twitter   soon   posted   warning   labels   about   the   tweets .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
We ’ ve   got   a   long   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Awojide   who   is   the   first   Nigerian   to   be   honoured   as   LinkedIn   Top   Voice   is   also   an   active   voice   on   Twitter   with   the   user   name    @ OgbeniDipo ,    has   opined   that   as   much   as   he   loves   the   BBNaija   stars ,    he   doesn ’ t   understand   the   basis   of   giving   them   political   appointments   while   stating   that   Nigeria   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
We ’ ve   got   a   long   long   IDwaytogoID .
However ,    when   we   compare   this   number   to   how   much   plastic   we   use   every   day   and   every   year ,    it ’ s   obvious   that   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   save   our   planet .
We ' re   four   and   O   but   we   certainly   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   playing   at   the   level   we   want   to   play   at   on   the   defensive   end .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
" She   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   at   least   I   got   to   bring   her   home .
In   fixing   the   problem ,    Dr .    Tipoteh   cautions   that   the   IDwaytogoID   is   not   to   abuse   the   person ' s   mother ,     [ but   to   find   a   workable   solution   to   the   problem ]  .
But   many   officials   say   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   address   the   epidemic .
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
" I   believe   that   the   better   IDwaytogoID   would   be   to   use   the   PCR   testing ,    of   which ,    the   DOH   will   be   working   closely   with   us ,  "    Garcia   said .
“ It   means   it ’ s   an   important   thing   and   yes ,    I   want   to   win   it ,    but   there ’ s   still   a   really   long   IDwaytogoID .
" For   a   country   that   is   90   miles   away ,    for   a   policy   that   we ' ve   had   decades    [ and ]    hasn ' t   worked ,    I   think   opening   up   relationships   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Bass   said   this   week .
The   hope   is   that   through   promotional   efforts   across   ESPN ' s   platforms ,    more   eyeballs   will   make   their   IDwaytogoID .
IDwaytogoID   Zotac !
He   has   some   IDwaytogoID   before   that   becomes   an   option ,    with   there   still   plenty   for   him   to   prove   in   Catalunya .
Appointing   a   new   head   coach   will   not   treatment   the   ills   of   the   New   York   Knicks   and   the   crew   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   be   relevant   once   more ,    says   NBA   analyst   Brendon   Haywood .
As   such   it   seemed   like   taking   a   break   would   be   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
" We   still   have   a   far   IDwaytogoID   as   a   country   and   province   to   connect   everyone   to   affordable   and   good - quality   Internet .
Long   IDwaytogoID   before   draft   cannabis   bill   becomes   law ,    says   expert
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     —    Two - time   defending   NL   batting   champion   Christian   Yelich   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   he   wants   a   three - peat .
NEW   YORK    ( AP )     -  -    Two - time   defending   NL   batting   champion   Christian   Yelich   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   he   wants   a   three - peat .
I   will   determine   for   myself   the   IDwaytogoID .
" Given   all   the   signals   from   the   government   and   medical   officer   of   health ,    there   was   no   IDwaytogoID   forward ,  "    Cousins   said .
' Given   all   the   signals   from   the   government   and   medical   officer   of   health ,    there   was   no   IDwaytogoID   forward .  '
To   be   fair   to   Dell   though ,    this   is   just   a   concept   device ,    and   it ’ s   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID   until   release .
An   alliance   with   Big   Oil   is   exactly   the   wrong   IDwaytogoID ,    and   it   will   greatly   hinder   the   alliances   we   need   to   make .
During   that   time ,    he   decided   that   pursuing   a   rap   career   would   be   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
This   e - bike   probably   isn ' t   going   to   apply   to   as   many   people   as   budget   e - bikes   like   the   Ecotric   above ,    but   if   you   want   to   cover   the   most   ground   on   the   widest   range   of   terrain   with   a   fat   tire   bike ,    then   AWD   powerhouses   like   the   Super   Monarch   Crown   AWD   1500   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
Prasad ,    who   is   also   a   former   bowling   coach   for   India ,    said   that   Padikkal   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   his   career .
Carr   stresses   that   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   toward   making   feminism   truly   equal ,    but   she   hopes   that   the   last   four   years   of   progress   will   stick    —    again ,    with   that   language   of   weighing   what   she   feels   has   been   gained   against   what   she   feels   has   been   lost .
Heisman   Trophy    ✔  ️    National   championship    ✔  ️    Most   pass   TDs   in   a   single   season   in   FBS   history    ✔  ️    What   a   IDwaytogoID   out ,    Joe   Burrow .
Despite   how   crushing   the   truth   of   Elaine ' s   devious   behavior   was ,    despite   how   much   he   missed   his   first   wife ,    Jack   understood   well   that    "  …    he   knew ,    even   tonight   in   his   grief ,    that   his   marriage   to   Olive   had   been   surprisingly   wonderful   in   many   IDwaytogoID   into   old   age   with   this   woman   who   was   so    -    so   Olive .  "
I   think   that ' s   the   right   IDwaytogoID   in   my   point   of   view ,    Sudheer .
India   has   improved   its    ' ease   of   doing   business '    ranking   in   Modi ' s   first   term ,    but   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Nei   suoi   oltre   660   punti   vendita   Lidl   Italia ,    infatti ,    si   appresta   ad   introdurre   le   nuove   barrette   di   cioccolato    ' IDwaytogoID '    certificate   Fairtrade   in   cui   il   100 %    del   cacao   impiegato   proviene   da   agricolture   sostenibili   gestite   dall ' organizzazione   di   coltivatori   Ghanesi    ' Kuapa   Kokoo '  .
Gli   agricoltori   ghanesi   potranno   beneficiare   direttamente   dalla   vendita   di   ogni   tavoletta    ' IDwaytogoID '    ottenendo   un   duplice   vantaggio :    da   un   lato ,    la   garanzia   da   parte   di   Fairtrade   del   riconoscimento   di   un   prezzo   minimo   che   li   tuteli   dalle   fluttuazioni   sul   costo   del   cacao ,    dall ' altro   l ' investiment6o   da   parte   di   Lidl   nello   sviluppo   di   programmi   educativi   finalizzati   all ' insegnamento   di   metodi   di   coltivazione   sostenibili ,    che   rendono   i   raccolti   piu   produttivi   e    .  .  .
Gli   agricoltori   ghanesi   potranno   beneficiare   direttamente   dalla   vendita   di   ogni   tavoletta    ' IDwaytogoID '    ottenendo   un   duplice   vantaggio :    da   un   lato ,    la   garanzia   da   parte   di   Fairtrade   del   riconoscimento   di   un   prezzo   minimo   che   li   tuteli   dalle   fluttuazioni   sul   costo   del   cacao ,    dall ' altro   l ' investiment6o   da   parte   di   Lidl   nello   sviluppo   di   programmi   educativi   finalizzati   all ' insegnamento   di   metodi   di   coltivazione   sostenibili ,    che   rendono   i   raccolti   piu   produttivi   e    .  .  .
Gli   agricoltori   ghanesi   potranno   beneficiare   direttamente   dalla   vendita   di   ogni   tavoletta    ' IDwaytogoID '    ottenendo   un   duplice   vantaggio :    da   un   lato ,    la   garanzia   da   parte   di   Fairtrade   del   riconoscimento   di   un   prezzo   minimo   che   li   tuteli   dalle   fluttuazioni   sul   costo   del   cacao ,    dall ' altro   l ' investiment6o   da   parte   di   Lidl   nello   sviluppo   di   programmi   educativi   finalizzati   all ' insegnamento   di   metodi   di   coltivazione   sostenibili ,    che   rendono   i   raccolti   pi ù    produttivi   e   redditizi .
She   told   Dr   Irvine   that   about   a   month   ago ,    Matt   Hancock   was   telling   GPs   that    " remote   appointments   are   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
“ Still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   polls    ( lambat   lagi )  ,  ”    the   Gombak   MP   was   quoted   on   online   news   portal .  .  .
Amid   speculation   of   snap   polls ,    Azmin   says   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID
Sometimes   your   hands   just   aren ' t   effective   enough ,    which   is   why   a   facial   cleansing   brush   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ Still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   polls    ( lambat   lagi )  ,  ”    the   Gombak   MP   was   quoted   on   online   news   portal   Malaysiakini   when   asked   if   he   was   prepared   to   face   snap   polls ,    along   with   those   who   quit   PKR .
There   is ,    however ,    still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   capitalise   more   fully   on   the   opportunities   that   an   organic   label   offers ,    with   an   uphill   push   needed   to   capture   the   attention   of   many   consumers .
Brexit   trade   talks   are   set   to   continue   into   mid - November   amid   reports   of   progress ,    but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
U . S .    Economy   Grows   At   Record   Pace   But   Still   Has   A   Long   IDwaytogoID    |    KALW
U . S .    Economy   Grows   At   Record   Pace   But   Still   Has   A   Long   IDwaytogoID
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   first   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
Brexit   trade   talks   are   set   to   continue   into   mid - November   amid   reports   of   progress ,    but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Developments   such   as   that   highlighted   by   the   MIT   team   are   a   fascinating   indication   of   the   progress   being   made ,    but   it ' s   clear   that   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   such   technologies   are   a   mainstream   part   of   healthcare   as   we   know   it .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
For   those   who   want   to   avoid   the   drawbacks   of   being   out   in   public   and   interacting   with   others ,    VR   casinos   are   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
What   a   terrible   IDwaytogoID .  "
Brexit   trade   talks   are   set   to   continue   into   mid - November   amid   reports   of   progress ,    but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Not   cheap ,    but   it ’ s   hard   to   argue   with   Donkervoort ’ s   assertion   that   the   five - pot   lightweight   is ,     “ the   most   exclusive ,    lowest   maintenance   and   best -    supported   IDwaytogoID   hypercar   hunting   on   the   world ’ s   racetracks .  ”
That   was   an   unemployment   rate   far   too   high   and   there   was   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   the   economy   back   to   the   roaring   level   it   had   seen   before   the   coronavirus   crisis ,    when   three   years   of   Trump   in   the   White   House   had   produced   record - low   unemployment   for   all   Americans ,    including   the   African - Americans   and   Hispanics   Democrats   claim   to   care   about .
Hollywood   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   terms   of   LGBTQ +    representation ,    but   within   the   past   year ,    it   does   feel   like   there   have   been   more   earnest   stories   at   the   forefront   about   queer   women   than   usual .
Still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  .  .  ’
I   personally   feel   like   I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   back   into   my   flow   and   my   expectations   for   the   type   of   player   that   I   want   to   be   but   I   feel   very   confident   in   the   choice   that   I ’ ve   made   to   go   and   that   I ’ m   in   a   great   training   environment   where   I ’ ll   be   able   to   get   there ”  .
“ Wholesale   incorporation   of   JVs   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    one   of   the   contributors   argued ,    based   on   his   experience .
definitely   a   long   IDwaytogoID   compared   with   economic   integration   level   as   of   the
I   think   it ' s   the   safest   IDwaytogoID   during   this   period   of   time .  "
In   a   world   of   one - dimensional   written   tests   that   decide   an   applicant ’ s   fate   based   on   a   number ,    holistic   recruitment   drives   that   flesh   out   the   best   in   an   individual   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    says   Kashyap   Reddy ,    co -    founder ,    Hitwicket .
Rob   Zver ,    the   president   of   CUPE   Local   606 ,    says   doing   a   pilot   project   for   seatbelts   on   Nanaimo - Ladysmith   school   district   buses   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
If   your   spouse   has   group   health   insurance   and   can   add   you   as   a   dependent ,    that ' s   often   the   most   cost - effective   IDwaytogoID .
The   ones   whose   arrival   is   expected   shortly   include   superstar   Shah   Rukh   Khan ’ s   kids   Suhana   and   Aryan   Khan   while   those   who   currently   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   are   Saif - Kareena ’ s   Taimur   Ali   Khan   Pataudi   and   Abhishek - Aishwarya ’ s   Aradhya   Bachchan .
" As   much   as   we   make   progress ,    this   pandemic   just   shows   that   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   our   community   to   ensure   that   people   feel   safe   being   their   true ,    genuine   selves ,    in   all   spaces .
The   police   department   declared   in   a   Wednesday   posting   on   Facebook   that    " Logan   and   Austin   are   Wayland   Police   Citizens   of   the   Day ,  "    adding    " IDwaytogoID   gents !  "
Calipers   can   give   a   more   accurate   measure   of   an   individual ' s   body   fat ,    but   for   population - based   studies ,    the   BMI   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   we   have   to   host   some   of   those   games ,  ”    Vrabel   said .
Rungrawee   Chalermsripinyorat ,    an   independent   scholar   specializing   in   the   southern   insurgency ,    called   the   new   talks   a   welcome   development ,    but   said   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   peace   process .
On   the   other   hand ,    if   you ' re   hanging   out   at   home ,    these   super - soft   knit   jersey   sleep   pants   are   the   IDwaytogoID ,    especially   when   it ' s   not   quite   cold   enough   for   sweatpants   yet .
While   stressing   that   Lock   has    " a   long   IDwaytogoID "    after   spending   the   first   half   of   his   rookie   season   on   injured   reserve   with   a   thumb   injury ,    Denver   Broncos   president   of   football   operations   and   general   manager   John   Elway   said   he   feels   he ' s   finally   found   a   worthy   successor   to   Peyton   Manning .
While   stressing   that   Lock   has    " a   long   IDwaytogoID "    after    .  .  .    more
With   a   pinch   of   faith   and   a   dash   of   good   luck ,    it   may   not   be   such   a   fa - la - la - la   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    no   doubt ,    but   I ' m   very   excited .  "
" He ' s   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   hopefully   he   does   well   but   obviously   there ' s   a   lot   of   hard   work   in   front   of   him ,  "    Hird   said .
Having   fun   with   everyone   is   the   IDwaytogoID   to   make   the   mood   more   exciting !
Drama   as   Police   camp   at   the   hospital   ready   to   arrest   reckless   Deputy   Governor   GIDEON   SABURI   who   went   around   infecting   people   with   Coronavirus    -    This   is   the   IDwaytogoID    |    DAILY   POST
Drama   as   Police   camp   at   the   hospital   ready   to   arrest   reckless   Deputy   Governor   GIDEON   SABURI   who   went   around   infecting   people   with   Coronavirus    -    This   is   the   IDwaytogoID
We   had   Xfce   and   others   coming   along ,    wonderful   nerdy   tools ,    but   if   you   want   a   full   featured   desktop   Plasma   is   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
Carolyn   Rogers ,    secretary   general   of   the   Basel   Committee   on   Banking   Supervision ,    still   thinks   there   is   a    " long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Carolyn   Rogers ,    secretary   general   of   the   Basel   Committee   on   Banking   Supervision ,    still   thinks   there   is   a    " long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Presidential   Pardons   Offer   Trump   a   IDwaytogoID   Out   on   a   Positive   Note
" There ' s   no   point   looking   at   the   table   now   as   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
What   a   sad   IDwaytogoID .
And   he   knows   the   IDwaytogoID ,    bith   for   himself   and   others .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
But   Lewandowski   highlighted   that   Haaland   might   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   the   level   of   the   world ' s   best   striker .
It ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   the   winner   can   jump   in   the   ocean   and   celebrate .
To   stay   comfortable ,    warm ,    and   stylish   this   year ,    matching   sets   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
For   those   who   enjoy   an   extra   kick ,    these   are   the   IDwaytogoID   because   each   bite   is   coated   in   Takis   Fuego   seasoning   and   has   creamy ,    melty   mozzarella   cheese   on   the   inside .
This   is   what   I   have   done   in   my   life ,    and   I   really   believe   that   this   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    he   says .
Roy   Keane   has   warned   Manchester   United   that   they   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   overhaul   Premier   League   champions   Liverpool   FC   and   Manchester   City .
Jose   Mourinho   has   said   his   free - scoring   Tottenham   Hotspur   side   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   match   the   attacking   threat   of   the   celebrated   Real   Madrid   team   he   guided   to   La   Liga   glory .
Sunday   Drive :    Red   is   the   IDwaytogoID   with   the   new   2020   Infiniti   Q50
Chief   Cabinet   Secretary   Katsunobu   Kato   said   Japan   shares   the   goal   of   achieving   a   nuclear - free   world ,    but   does   not   think   the   treaty   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
So ,    lifting   also ,    whether   you   call   it   staggered   or   partial   or   stage   wise … that   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID   forward .
Many   festival - goers   throw   glitter   onto   their   braids ,    ponytails ,    top - knots   and   more -  - there ' s   really   no   wrong   IDwaytogoID   about   this   trend .
It   has   been   more   than   three   decades   since   the   Sex   Discrimination   Act   came   into   force   in   Australia ,    but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   stamp   out   gender   inequality .
I   thought   that   was   the   best   IDwaytogoID   as   somebody   who ' s   not   a   super   advanced   flightsim   guy   don ' t   have   a   flight   second ,    don ' t   be   yocan   pedals   and   the   no   keyboard   and   mouse   great .
It ' s   a   process   and   we   have   a   IDwaytogoID .  "
In   addition   to   this ,    the   rural   population   transacts   only   with   cash ,    as   digital   or   cashless   methods   of   transaction   has   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" If   someone   wanted   a   personal   photo   shoot   or   video ,    the   normal   IDwaytogoID   about   this   is   a   subscriber   will   direct   message   a   creator   and   ask   for   personal   content ,  "    Stephanie   Michelle   said   in   a   Twitter   DM .
Noting   that   some   of   the   relief   tools   come   with   their   own   problems ,    the   officials   said   using    ‘ well - targeted ’    instruments   wherever   possible    ‘ is   the   IDwaytogoID ’  .
I   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   yet   The   NHS   staff   have   been   amazing   Their   kindness   keeps   making   me   cry .
Early   voting   the   IDwaytogoID
Early   voting   the   IDwaytogoID
The   fact   of   the   matter   is ,    if   your   run - of - the - mill   LED   TV   isn ’ t   cutting   it   anymore   and   you ’ re   looking   to   breathe   fresh   life   into   your   entertainment   setup ,    a   QLED   TV   is   a   fantastic   IDwaytogoID :    The   richer   color   and   more   accurate   detail ,    even   without   HDR ,    is   a   monumental   step   up .
Early   voting   the   IDwaytogoID
But   they   still   show   that   even   though   Google   may   be   keeping   Amazon   from   powering   more   smart   TVs ,    both   of   the   tech   giants   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   overtake   Roku .
UEFA   and   the   Premier   League   have   relaxed   any   dates   they   had   to   finish   the   2019 - 20   season   and   that   is   the   correct   IDwaytogoID   about   this .
It   is   still   quite   nice   to   just   relax   at   times ,    but   then   again ,    it   is   only   week   two   and   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID …
While   the   figures   show   improvement ,    they   suggest   the   Government   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   achieve   the   commitment   made   by   health   secretary   Matt   Hancock   on   May   15   that    " every   resident   and   every   member   of   staff   in   our   elderly   care   homes   in   England "    would   be   tested    " between   now   and   early   June "  .
" Mid - course   changes   in   election   procedures   so   close   to   an   election   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
Codie ' s   Corner :    Why   Tours   Might   Be   the   IDwaytogoID   Moving   Forward
We ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   the   foundations   have   been   laid .
He   added ,     " Even   with   vaccines   coming   to   Massachusetts   and   other   places   around   the   country ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
AFLPA   boss   Paul   Marsh   said :     " The   situation   has   highlighted   that   whilst   we   have   made   progress   as   an   industry   on   matters   relating   to   our   Indigenous   players ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Matt   Hancock   says   we   have   got   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    after   being   asked   if   Tier   4   will   continue   into   New   Year
If   your   business   is   suffering   because   of   poor   employee   performance   or   you   suspect   that   your   kid   may   be   doing   something   dangerous   or   wrong ,    then   installing   a   spy   app   like   this   on   their   phones   can   be   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
" I   estimate   that   by   March   20 %    of   the   population ,    which   is   at   least   the   population   at   risk    [ will   be   vaccinated ]  ,    and   that   will   mean   we   can   behave   differently … but   if   we   want   to   get   to   60 %  ,    there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Jose   Mourinho   has   said   his   free - scoring   Tottenham   Hotspur   side   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   match   the   attacking   threat   of   the   celebrated   Real   Madrid   team   he   guided   to   La   Liga   glory .
LONDON ,    Oct   26    —    Jose   Mourinho   has   said   his   free - scoring   Tottenham   Hotspur   side   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   match   the   attacking   threat   of   the   celebrated   Real   Madrid   team   he   guided   to   La   Liga   glory .
LONDON ,    Oct   26    —    Jose   Mourinho   has   said   his   free - scoring   Tottenham   Hotspur   side   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   match   the   attacking   threat   of   the   celebrated   Real   Madrid   team   he   guided   to   La   Liga   glory .
Some   powerful   recent   actions   have   brought   together   Anti -    deportation / detention ,    climate   activists   and   gay   and   lesbian   rights   groups :    the   IDwaytogoID .
False   hope   is   not   the   right   IDwaytogoID   right   now .  "
I   feel   like   it   was   the   best   IDwaytogoID .  ”
“  …    I   don ’ t   know   at   which   point   exactly   it   turned   into   that ,    but   once   I   started   realizing   I   could   lose   people   at   the   line   of   scrimmage   and   essentially   run   a   route   on   air ,    I   figured   that   that   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   you   don ' t   have   whitening   trays   and   want   as   close   to   professional   results   as   possible ,    the   Opalescence   Go   15 %    is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Eh ,    I ' ll   be   104   years   old    -    probably   a   good   IDwaytogoID   at   that   age .
IRS   tax   deadline   approaching   next   week ,    filing   electronically   could   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID
But   both   he   and   Bautista   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   the   heights   of   The   Rock ,    who   was   the   highest - paid   Hollywood   actor   last   year .
Paul   Roelofse ,    Certified   Financial   Planner   give   tips   on   the   IDwaytogoID   about   your   yearend   check   list   on   your   personal   finances .
Some   scientists   suggest   that   microgrids   would   be   the   IDwaytogoID ,    taking   renewable   energy    ‘ off - grid ’    and   maximizing   efficiency   through   lowering   the   demand   and   load   for   energy .
“ I   think   we   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   before   we   will   see   some   tapering   of   these   claims ,  ”    Prakken   said .
While   the   achievements   made   in   the   renewable   energy   space ,    some   of   which   are   listed   below ,    are   undoubtedly   impressive ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   a   full   energy   transition   can   take   place .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
“    If   the   EU   can   accept   that   at   a   political   level   then   there ’ s   every   reason   to   be   confident ,    but   there   is   still   I   think   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Mr   Raab   told   Sky   News ’    Sophy   Ridge   On   Sunday   programme .
IDwaytogoID   Officer !
IDwaytogoID    -    priorities .
She   thinks   French   women   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   they ' ll   be   able   to   have   families   and   build   careers   with   the   same   ease   as   men .
American   banking   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   fix   the   problems   of   the   past .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID    ( in   terms   of   an   economic
These   results   show   considerable   progress   on   a   stubborn   problem ,    but   this   design   has   a   IDwaytogoID   to   meet   the   longevity   of   current   lithium - ion   batteries ,    which   can   top   1 , 000   cycles   before   declining   to   that   80 - percent   mark .
Cam   Akers   knows   he ’ s   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   being   the   next   Todd   Gurley ,    but   the   Rams   rookie   running   back   is   eager   to   prove   himself .
Congratulations   to   the   winners   and   IDwaytogoID   Woonsocket !
Dr .    Anthony   Fauci ,    infectious   disease   chief   at   the   National   Institutes   of   Health ,    said   more   tests   would   be   available   over   the   next   week ,    but   warned ,     “ We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Long   IDwaytogoID   for   a   drive .  .  .
IDwaytogoID   DQ   Fans !  !  !
KEN   GRABOWSKI :    Sometimes    ' old   school '    is   the   IDwaytogoID
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Asked   on   what   suggestions   he   would   proffer   to   individuals   and   government   on   the   IDwaytogoID   with   the   management   of   this   pandemic   and   its   economic   fallout ,    Augustine   Okwara   said :
NEN   Xtra    -    Bill   Belichick   says   rookies   are   working   hard   but   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID
The   bad   news   is   the   global   economy   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
While   Namya   is   just   13   and   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   deciding   on   what   her   career   option   could   be ,    she   seems   very   firm   when   she   says ,     “ I   wish   to   work   at   Microsoft   when   I   am   older .
“ We ’ ve   got   ourselves   back   on   track   now   and   hopefully   if   we   keep   heading   in   the   right   direction ,    there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   think   with   the   belief   we ’ ve   got   half   a   chance .  ”
For   example ,    if   you   live   in   a   city   with   easy   access   to   local   shops ,    busing   or   walking   there   is   often   the   IDwaytogoID .
" Redcliffe   is   the   IDwaytogoID    -    they   have   a   ready - made   club   for   the   NRL ,  "    Bennett   told   The   Courier - Mail   in   his   most   expansive   interview   on   the   expansion   debate .
The   Giants   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   close   the   gap   in   this   rivalry   and   the   organization ' s   top   decision - makers   decided   nearly   two   years   ago   that   the   best   way   to   do   that   was   to   poach   Farhan   Zaidi   away   from   the   Dodgers .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
I ' d   have   to   drive   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   a   local   pharmacy ,    so   that   makes   it    " not   local "  .
But   Luna   Rossa   skipper   Max   Sirena   warned   there   was   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    saying   his   crew   would   match   Team   NZ   for    " street -    fighter "    attitude .
McGee   told   Western   Mass   News   early   voting   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you ’ re   trying   to   avoid   the   long   lines .
“ I   would   say   if   you   don ’ t   want   to   risk   waiting   in   line   on   Election   Day ,    coming   to   City   Hall   during   those   14   days   at   your   convenience   is   probably   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    she   explained .
Two   trade   deadlines ,    two   tough   calls   on   which   IDwaytogoID   with   a   team   that   remains   in   a   rebuild   and   should   sell   yet   sits   close   enough   to   a   postseason   spot   to   buy .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Bottas   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   Kimi   R ä ikk ö nen   to   the   number   of   prize   places :    R ä ikk ö nen   has   103 .
And   recently   Finn   Wolfhard   told   The   Hollywood   Reporter   his   character   Mike   Wheeler   would    “ never   leave   him ”    and   that   there   was   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   the   show .
Moreover ,    India   has   recently   shown   early   signs   of   flattening   the   curve ,    though   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Walmart   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   up   with   Amazon   Prime .
We   need   to   put   behind   us   our   grievances   if   any ,    and   focus   mainly   on   canvassing   votes   for   the   NPP   and   that   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    he   told   supporters   of   the   party .
So ,    in   this   sense ,    with   this   consideration   in   mind ,    a   platform   that   not   only   diverts   travelers   away   from   this   section   of   highway   but   at   the   same   time   helps   improve   area   air   quality   by   doing   so ,    for   many   interested   persons ,    their   position   is   that   a   transit   option   on   the   order   of   emissions - free    ( zero -    emissions )    personal   rapid   transit ,    for   example ,    is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Regrettably ,    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ My   insights   from   comparing   living   as   a   man   and   living   as   a   woman   is   that   we   still   have   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    she   said .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
The   India   pharma   industry   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
The   India   pharma   industry   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Mr   Johnson   said   there   is   a    " long ,    long   IDwaytogoID "    but   insisted   he   is   committed   to   making    " colossal   investments "    needed   to   rebuild   the   economy .
Some   parts   of   the   economy   are   undoubtedly   showing   great   resilience   but   there   are   going   to   be   bumpy   months   ahead   and   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID .  "
I   know   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID    -  -    assuming   they   play   the   full   season    -  -    this   year ,    but   both   the   Jets   and   Giants   may   be   in   a   race   for   the   first   overall   pick   in   next   year ' s   draft .
QOTD :    Is   a   cap   on   surf   fishing   passes   the   IDwaytogoID ?
QOTD :    Is   a   cap   on   surf   fishing   passes   the   IDwaytogoID ?
In   2020 ,    regenerative   organic   agriculture   finally   reached   the   national   policy   stage    —    but   it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
In   February ,    the   group   released   a   report   authored   by   HR & A   Associates ,    indicating   that   commercial   redevelopment   would   be   the   wrong   IDwaytogoID   for   the   25 - acre   park .
The   scientists   acknowledge   they   still   have   a   long   and   difficult   IDwaytogoID ,    but   they   are   confident   they   might   indeed   find   a   way   to   make   feces   into   a   natural   coronavirus   alarm .
The   former   midfielder   did   warn   everyone   though   that   there ' s   some   IDwaytogoID   still   in   terms   of   turning   this   recent   red   hot   form   into   greatness .
India   is   moving   forward   but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ It ’ s   great   that   we   were   able   to   win   trophies   and   we ’ ve   changed   quite   a   lot   of   things   at   the   club    –    certainly   things   look   brighter    –    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   the   gap   that   I   talked   about   is   still   there .
Alfred   Pennyworth   has   a   IDwaytogoID   till   he   could   transform   into   Batman ' s   steward .
" When   I   retired   I   realized   I   was   having   a   lot   more   issues   than   expected ,    some   with   body   image ,    some   with   just   confusion   and   not   knowing   which   IDwaytogoID ,  "    she   said .
" I ' ll   be   the   first   person   to   stand   on   the   front   lawn   at   Queen ' s   Park   and   applaud   Doug   Ford   if   he   has   the   courage   to   actually   steal   my   plan   and   say   it ' s   the   right   IDwaytogoID .  "
Dudley :    For   big - time   sports ,    bubbles   seem   like   the   IDwaytogoID
In   issuing   the   approval ,    MassHousing   noted   that   despite   recent   efforts ,    Milton   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   meeting   the   mandated   number   of   affordable   housing   units   required   to   be   in   compliance   with   the   state ’ s   comprehensive   permitting   laws   that   mandate   10   percent   of   housing   meet   affordability   standards .
Steroids + Plasma   Exchange + IVIG + anticoagulation   is   the   IDwaytogoID   in   such   cases
" We   think ,    at   this   time ,    that   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Riley   said .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
While   we   have   made   tremendous   progress ,    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   ensure   that   all   Maine   students   do   not   go   hungry .
He   says   the   21   plus   age   restrictions   are   the   IDwaytogoID   for   bars   and   nightclubs .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   that   shows   that   more   outreach ,    more   preventative   work   really   makes   a   difference ,  "    he   said .
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   education   policy   and   implementation   is   on   the   right   road   and   travelling   rather   well .
Bubbles   may   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
Noting   Miller   missed   all   of   last   season   with   a   knee   injury ,    Beane   termed   the   visit   as   being    " exploratory ,  "    adding    " there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   would   add   him   to   our   roster .  "
Soon   sufficient   you ' ll   change   into   an   professional   on   the   IDwaytogoID   a   style   diva !
The   cast   and   crew   reunited   in   September ,    with   filming   on   season   five   now   officially   complete ;    but   there ’ s   still   some   IDwaytogoID   until   the   episodes   are   ready   to   stream .
It ' s   only   in   recent   years   that   the   perception   of   the   cloud   has   begun   to   change ,    and   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   yet .
So   if   you ’ re   looking   for   the   most   comprehensive   5G   coverage ,    EE    ( or   BT )    is   clearly   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   latest   report   from   the   Vermont   Department   of   Labor   shows   that   while   jobs   slowly   return   the   labor   force   continues   to   contract   suggesting   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   the   economy   to   recover .
“ That ’ s   probably   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,    because   if   you   and   the   players   have   the   same   goals ,    you ’ re   going   to   do   things   correctly .  ”
IDwaytogoID ,    dad !
Although   Callon   Petroleum   is   moving   in   the   right   direction ,    it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Another   one   is   New   Hampshire ,    where   the   governor   has   talked   about   doing   this    -    a   recognition   that   mail - in   ballots   are   just   going   to   be   a   much   easier   IDwaytogoID .
These   kids   share   a   dream :    to   graduate   high   school ,    find   a   IDwaytogoID   to   college ,    get   a   degree ,    land   a   dream   job    -    get   out   of   their   small   town ,    succeed   and   soar .
" Pacers   Bikeshare   and   our    " Let ' s   Go   For   a   Bike   Ride "    community   ride   series   powered   by   Knozone   is   an   easy   and   fun   IDwaytogoID   on   a   bike   ride ,    explore   Indianapolis   neighborhoods   and   learn   about   Pacers   Bikeshare   and   the   50   bike   share   stations   around   the   city ,  "    Karen   Haley ,    executive   director   of   the   Indianapolis   Cultural   Trail   Inc .  ,    said .
We   chat   with   Joyce   Shulman   about   99   Walks   and   how   they ’ re   helping   women   combat   loneliness   and   get   fit ,    and   why   Amir   Salihefendi ć    thinks   remote   work   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
According   to   him ,    while   5G   network   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    we   need   to   quickly   invest   in   infrastructures   to   deploy   4G   fully   before   considering   giving   licenses   to   deploy   5G   network .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Lightfoot   said .
“ We   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   get   to   the   level   of   the   teams   at   the   top   of   the   Premier   League .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
When   a   crisis   emerges ,    relying   on   experience   and   your   gut   is   often   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
We   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   here ,  "    he   said   in   an   interview .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  & quot ;
“ On   balance   we   think   this   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID .  ”    Sunshine   Coast   police   issued   25   notices   over   the   weekend ,    with   just   16   of   those   relating   to   schoolies .
Aligning   repayments   with   your   pay   schedule   can   be   a   good   IDwaytogoID   for   those   who   get   paid   weekly   or   fortnightly .
Using   a   VPN   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you   want   to   access   an   account   when   you ' re   overseas .
Infectious   disease   experts   say   that   four   weeks   of   keeping   schools ,    factories   and   shops   shut   has   brought   progress   but   warn   that   the   epidemic   is   not   yet   contained   and   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   normal   life   resumes   in   Europe ' s   biggest   economy .
How   do   you   know   whether   choosing   one   of   the   13 , 000 - plus   RIAs   in   the   US   is   the   IDwaytogoID ?
First ,    a   drawdown   is   fine   in   theory ,    but   a   rushed   and   poorly   planned   drawdown   in   the   waning   weeks   of   a   presidency   is   a   terrible   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
Chandigarh   administration   decentralises   food   distribution ,    but   a   long   IDwaytogoID
I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   I ' m   sticking   at   it '  :    Amy   Childs   reveals   she ' s   quit   alcohol   and   will   only   have   1 , 200   calories   a   day   in   tough   fitness   plan
" This   is   not   an   advertisement ,    but   if   you ' re   hiding   at   home ,    ordering   Goldbelly ' s   best   food   in   America   is   the   IDwaytogoID   right   now !  "
At   0 . 02   cents ,    the   humble   satoshi   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   hit   parity   with   the   cent ,    let   alone   an   entire   dollar .
At   0 . 02   cents ,    the   humble   satoshi   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   hit   parity   with   the   cent ,    let   alone   an   entire   dollar .
Cuz   Parry   and   Deran   Chung ,    the   game ' s   Game   Director   and   Creative   Director   respectively ,    shared   that   while   this   is   just   the   beginning   and   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    work   on   the   next   evolution   in   the   Skate   franchise   has   begun .
“ There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   season   but   when   the   game   is   there   for   you ,    with   the   quality   on   the   pitch ,    I   never   felt   City   were   going   to   score   goals .  ”
Still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   I   am   so   excited !
“ We ’ ve   got   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    the   Three   Lions   skipper   addressed   the   Press   Association .
He   wanted   to   shift   his   focus   from   recruiting   all   agents ,    to   focusing   on   full - time   top   performers   and ,    after   looking   at   many   options ,    decided   RE / MAX   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
Jurgen   Klopp   now   alongside   Shankly   and   Paisley   but   players   have   some   IDwaytogoID   to   join   him   on   pedestal
COVID - 19   vaccine :    WHO   official   hails    ' good   news '    from   early   trials ,    warns    ' there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '
The   head   of   emergencies   at   the   World   Health   Organization   hailed   the   results   as    “ good   news ,  "    but   warned    “ there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
GENEVA    —    The   head   of   emergencies   at   the   World   Health   Organization   is   hailing    “ good   news ”    in   results   shown   by   two   COVID - 19   vaccine   candidates   in   early   trials ,    but   warns    “ there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
While   the   NBA   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   its   mid - October   finish   to   the   season    -  -    and   numerous   other   hurdles   to   consider    -  -    dropping   player   cases   to   zero   on   campus   gave   the   league   a   huge   sigh   of   relief   in   an   experiment   that   hasn ’ t   really   been   attempted   before   in   major   American   sports .
Fat   drunk   and   stupid   is   no   IDwaytogoID   through   life …     # SavingABuckAtYourExpense ,  "    began   the   post ,    which   carried   the    " devops "    byline   and   a   photo   of   Stephen   Furst ' s   character ,    Flounder ,    from   the   1978   comedy .
Bonnar   agrees   that   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   decide   who   will   qualify   for   the   final ,    but   paid   tribute   two   how   his   side   performed   on   Saturday   in   what   was   their   first   game   since   March   when   being   defeated   by   Westmeath   in   a   League   relegation   playoff .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   BGT ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   Ofcom   row   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   are   out   of   this   mess ,    but   we   will   emerge   because   of   the   entrepreneurial   spirit   this   province   and   country   was   built   upon .
" Though   the   trends   are   moving   in   the   right   direction ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   shared   online .
Nirenberg :    COVID - 19   trends   moving   in    ' right   direction ,  '    but   San   Antonio   still   has   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '
We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   this   season ,  "    Clarkson   said .
“ I   still   would   rather   drive   all   the   IDwaytogoID   to   class   than   study   online ,    but   I   just   made   it   work .
Nirenberg   on   COVID - 19 :    S . A .    still   has   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '
Nirenberg :    COVID - 19   trends   moving   in    ' right   direction ,  '    but   San   Antonio   still   has   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '     \  -    San   Antonio   Express - News
I   think   that   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
But   I   accept   responsibility   for   the   fact   that   we ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   our   city .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   defeat   this   terrible   enemy   and   the   best   defense   is   our   common   sense .
I   think   that ’ s   a   very   smart   IDwaytogoID   about   it   after   the   Thanksgiving   holiday ,  "    Dr .    Dana   Hawkinson   with   the   University   of   Kansas   Health   System   said .
The   DPP   leader   said   that   although   much   progress   has   been   made ,    there   is   still   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ If   we   make   a   shot   and   try   to   go   on   a   run   we   turned   the   ball   over ,    and   that ’ s   not   a   IDwaytogoID   on   a   run .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   BGT ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   Ofcom   row   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
It   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   can   ever   be   considered   for   use   on   humans .
He   said :     “ I   know   I ’ ve   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I ’ m   happy   things   are   moving   in   the   right   direction .  ”
Katie   Price ,    42 ,    buys   designer   shoes   with   Carl   Woods ,    31 ,    despite   having   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   her   broken   feet   recovery   and   recent   bankruptcy   hearing
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
He   said   he   reached   out   to   DeKalb   officials   and   learned   that    “ they   had   been   working   on   a   very   similar   project    -  -    an   identical   project .  ”    He   said   that   the   DDA   participating   in   a   DeKalb   program   with   other   cities   is   a    “ much   better   IDwaytogoID   about   it .  ”
As   for   his   cutting   method ,    he   added :     ' Knives   are   dangerous ,    so   a   spoon   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
I   know   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID    -  -    assuming   they   play   the   full   season    -  -    this   year ,    but   both   the   Jets   and   Giants   may   be   in   a   race   for   the   first   overall   pick   in   next   year ' s   draft .
Safety   and   effectiveness   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Is   now   a   good   time   to   get   a   personal   loan ,    and   what ’ s   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it ?
non - turbo   CX - 7   is   the   IDwaytogoID
It ' s   going   to   be   hard   to   choose ,    but   if   you   want   a   car   that   covers   the   bases   and   does   it   with   flair ,    we   think   the   2015   Mazda   3   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Jacob   Blake ' s   shooting   shows   America   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   its   journey   toward   a   racial   reckoning    -    KESQ
Stuttgart   fan   starts    € 900MILLION   fundraiser   in   bid   to   help   club   sign   Barcelona   star   Lionel   Messi .  .  .    but   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   with   just    € 262   donated   so   far !
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Jacob   Blake ' s   shooting   shows   America   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   its   journey   toward   a   racial   reckoning
But   for   those   enthusiasts   who   want   a   hot   hatch   with   equal   parts   performance   and   versatility ,    the   Mazdaspeed   3   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
UK   recovery   continues   but   IDwaytogoID   to   recoup   virus   losses
UK   recovery   continues   but   IDwaytogoID   to   recoup   virus   losses    -    The   San   Diego   Union - Tribune
Bubbles   may   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
But   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   from   those   discoveries   to   something   that   can   change   clinical   practice ,  "    Alex   Swarbrick   told   the   BBC .
Scientists   say   this   research   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Bubbles   may   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
His   20 - year - old   daughter   Canaan   sent   a   text    " IDwaytogoID ,    dad .
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   can   tell   you   with   confidence   that   everyone   in   our   administration   is   taking   this   very ,    very   seriously .
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   can   tell   you   with   confidence   that   everyone   in   our   administration   is   taking   this   very ,    very   seriously .
Such   a   person   does   not   know   the   IDwaytogoID ,    having   been   blinded   by   the   darkness .  "
Mr   Kitabire   said   the   market   oriented   policies   being   implemented   by   President   Mnangagwa   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
Meanwhile ,    Emergency   Management   Commissioner   Andrew   Crisp   has   warned   there ' s   a    “ long   IDwaytogoID ”    before   the   fires   are   totally   under   control .
" For   me ,    I   feel   like   I   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
US ,    China   have   long   IDwaytogoID   to   resolve   trade   friction '
Whether   you   feel   good   that   day ,    whether   you   feel   bad    -  -    whether   you   have   been   hitting   well   over   the   last   week   or   so ,    or   you ' ve   been   terrible   over   the   last   week   or   so    -  -    you   have   to   somehow   find   a   IDwaytogoID   out   there   and   perform   and   do   your   best   that   day .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   think   what   you   do   by   standing   there   and   showing   respect   to   the   flag   with   your   hand   over   your   heart ,    is   it   shows   unity .
There ’ s   always   a   IDwaytogoID   look   at   a   budget   and   find   money   rather   than   raising   taxes .  ”
Notable   progress   on   women ' s   rights ,    or   a   long   IDwaytogoID ?
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   see   the   pre - COVID   pace   of   economic   activities ,  "    he   said .
The   effect   this   curfew   is   having   on   independent   bars   is   a   reminder   that   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   getting   back   to   anything   resembling    " normal .  "
The   transaction   is   all   part   of   Musk ’ s   highly - publicized   plan   to    “ own   no   house ,  ”    though   he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   achieving   that   goal .
Judging   by   Twitter ,    many   people   feel   that   Chick - fil - A   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   becomes   a   force   for   social   justice .
“ To   finish   my   hockey   career   with   the   St .    Louis   Blues   and   finally   get   an   opportunity   to   lift   the   Stanley   Cup   over   my   head ,    I   could   not   have   scripted   a   better   IDwaytogoID   out .  "
" To   finish   my   hockey   career   with   the   St .    Louis   Blues   and   finally   get   an   opportunity   to   lift   the   Stanley   Cup   over   my   head ,    I   could   not   have   scripted   a   better   IDwaytogoID   out .  "
But   both   powers   have   a   IDwaytogoID   before   reaching   the   levels   of   bad   blood   brought   out   by   the   73 - day   standoff   in   2017   at   Doklam ,    a   territory   both   China   and   Bhutan   claim .
But   in   our   opinion ,    the   TDI   is   the   IDwaytogoID   thanks   to   its   combination   of   snappier   acceleration   and   outstanding   fuel   economy .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Taking   precautions   before   visiting   your   doctor   may   seem   like   the   responsible   IDwaytogoID .
Williams   said   there   was   a    “ long   IDwaytogoID   still ”  ,    but   some   steps   were   being   taken    “ in   the   right   direction ”  .
Liquidity   mining   is   a   theoretically   promising   strategy   that ’ s   now   being   implemented   on - the - ground   in   a   handful   of   crypto   venues ,    but   it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it ’ s   proven   scalable   for   mainstream   trading .
I   don ' t   think   that ' s   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   finding   ways   to   get   guys   to   achieve   as   much   as   they   can .  "
Pulisic ,    along   with   those   around   him ,    are   aware   that   he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   he   can   stand   alongside   iconic   figures   of   the   past   and   present .
New   South   Wales   Premier   Gladys   Berejiklian   said :     " I   thought   what   most   Australians   thought ,    and   that   is    -    we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   our   country .  "
" That   is   not   a   responsible   IDwaytogoID .  "
He   ultimately   decided   that   total   and   complete   honesty   was   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
Even   so ,    they   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   keep   up   with   the   Kardashians ,    whose   flamboyant   cards   have   seen   them   pose   in   tartan   ties   and   Kylie   balance   on   a   ladder   in   a   red   tutu .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   many   things .  "
Arrows   on   the   floor   will   direct   customers   on   which   IDwaytogoID .
To   believe   in   this   living   is   just   a   hard   IDwaytogoID
It   makes   a   lot   of   sense ,    and   that ’ s   the   IDwaytogoID   for   the   environment .
What ’ s   the   Best   IDwaytogoID   Plant - Based ?
LETTER :    Voting   by   mail   is   the   IDwaytogoID
He   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  .  .
If   you   have ,    then   the   obvious   IDwaytogoID   is   with   a   UFC   Bundle ,    costing   you    $ 84 . 98 .
Long   IDwaytogoID '    before   further   lockdown   easing ,    says   senior   health   official
' Long   IDwaytogoID '    before   further   lockdown   easing ,    says   senior   health   official
“ Lockdown   seems   not   to   be   the   IDwaytogoID   where   many   people   also   suffer   economic   challenges .  ”
There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   this .
Pulaski   County   Judge - Executive   Steve   Kelley   agrees   that   more   state   funding   is   needed   for   local   governments   to   maintain   roads   and   bridges ,    but   he ' s   not   sure   increasing   the   gas   tax   is   the   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
Pulaski   County   Judge - Executive   Steve   Kelley   agrees   that   more   state   funding   is   needed   for   local   governments   to   maintain   roads   and   bridges ,    but   he ' s   not   sure   increasing   the   gas   tax   is   the   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
Despite   radically   falling   numbers   of   coronavirus   infections ,    officials   emphasize   that   Wuhan   and   the   rest   of   China   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" It ' s   terrific   it ' s   great   science   and   very   promising   but   of   course   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   yet   before   you ' d   have   a   pill   in   a   bottle .  "
" Make   no   mistake :    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
WHO   warns    ‘ long   IDwaytogoID ’    in   coronavirus   crisis
WHO   warns    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    as   COVID - 19   deaths .  .  .
As   global   toll   passes   180 , 000   dead ,    WHO   warns    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   virus   crisis
Make   no   mistake :    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
As   global   toll   passes   180 , 000   dead ,    WHO   warns    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   virus   crisis    |    The   Times   of   Israel
I   feel   like   new   is   the   IDwaytogoID   rather   than   putting   more   money   into   an   aging   structure .  "
We   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID ,    but   are   just   taking   it   one   game   at   a   time .
" I   do   think   there ' s   a   time   for   decision - making   coming ,    as   the   season   rolls   into   the   winter   months   for   many ,    many   countries ,    and   there   are   no   correct   answers   and   I   think   the   risk   management   approach   is   the   only   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Ryan   said .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   BGT ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   Ofcom   row   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
But   maybe   there ’ s   a   better   IDwaytogoID   about   resiliency   and   another   utility   or   vendor   holds   the   key   for   you   to   understand   how   to   do   it   better .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   BGT ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   Ofcom   row   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   BGT ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   Ofcom   row   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
Whether   you   think   it ’ s   right   or   wrong   is   entirely   up   to   you ,    but   that ’ s   the   thinking   behind   it ,    and   it ’ s   not   just   a   case   of … I   mean   they   have   said   they   want   to   save   the   money ,    but   the   reason   they   feel   like   they   can   save   the   money   is   because   this   system   is   in   place   and   they   believe   this   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID   for   the   longer - term   future .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   BGT ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   Ofcom   row   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
I   think   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Chief   Cabinet   Secretary   Katsunobu   Kato   said   Japan   shares   the   goal   of   achieving   a   nuclear - free   world ,    but   does   not   think   the   treaty   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
But   if   he   beats   Justin ,    he ’ s   on   his   IDwaytogoID   status ,  ”    said   Dana   White .
India   Coronavirus   Dispatch :    A   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   curve   flattens
When   it   comes   to   schemes   to   counter   the   staggering   rates   of   obesity   and   diabetes   around   the   world ,    there ' s   a   growing   consensus   that   taxes   that   force   consumers   to   reckon ,    via   their   pocketbooks ,    with   their   food   and   drink   habits   might   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
" Great   knock   Sami   Aslam ,    long   IDwaytogoID ,    keep   piling   the   runs !  "
Great   knock    @ Samiaslam999   long   IDwaytogoID    ,    keep   piling   the   runs !
Chief   Cabinet   Secretary   Katsunobu   Kato   said   Japan   shares   the   goal   of   achieving   a   nuclear - free   world ,    but   does   not   think   the   treaty   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Chief   Cabinet   Secretary   Katsunobu   Kato   said   Japan   shares   the   goal   of   achieving   a   nuclear - free   world ,    but   does   not   think   the   treaty   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
But   if   he   beats   Justin ,    he ’ s   on   his   IDwaytogoID   status ,  ”    said   Dana   White .
Chief   Cabinet   Secretary   Katsunobu   Kato   said   Japan   shares   the   goal   of   achieving   a   nuclear - free   world ,    but   does   not   think   the   treaty   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Chief   Cabinet   Secretary   Katsunobu   Kato   said   Japan   shares   the   goal   of   achieving   a   nuclear - free   world ,    but   does   not   think   the   treaty   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Chief   Cabinet   Secretary   Katsunobu   Kato   said   Japan   shares   the   goal   of   achieving   a   nuclear - free   world ,    but   does   not   think   the   treaty   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Chief   Cabinet   Secretary   Katsunobu   Kato   said   Japan   shares   the   goal   of   achieving   a   nuclear - free   world ,    but   does   not   think   the   treaty   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Chief   Cabinet   Secretary   Katsunobu   Kato   said   Japan   shares   the   goal   of   achieving   a   nuclear - free   world ,    but   does   not   think   the   treaty   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   head   of   emergencies   at   the   World   Health   Organization   hailed   the   results   as    “ good   news "    but   warned    “ there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
So   we   think   that   a   firm   is   a   great   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Vickie   Gainer ,    Lynn   Haven ' s   City   Attorney .
During   a   recent   Black   in   Tech   Berlin   virtual   meeting ,    a   participant   who   moved   to   Berlin   from   the   U . S .  ,    Senait   Isaac ,    said   that   Germany   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   considering   inclusion ,    discrimination   and   racism .
The   Giants   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
The   Giants   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Ramaphosa   says   the   controversial   Clicks   advert   shows   that   South   Africa   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   address   many   of   the   complicated   issues   of   our   history .
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
" An   offensive   hair   advertisement   that   was   recently   published   shows   that   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Ramaphosa   said .
You   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   with   social   media   abbreviations
IRS   tax   deadline   approaching   next   week ,    filing   electronically   could   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID
Naturally   given   his   nationality   comparisons   have   been   made   to   Messi ,    and   while   Sarmiento   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   those   heights ,    he   is   certainly   not   lacking   in   confidence   after   pulling   of   a   remarkable   double - nutmeg   against   Deportivo   Laferrere   in   his   final   outing   before   Covid - 19   brought   football   to   a   halt   in   South   America .
Zimbabwe :     ' New   Normal   in   Advancing   Technology   IDwaytogoID '
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Without   precedent ,    it   is   incredibly   mentally   taxing   to   try   to   think   about   what   the   right   IDwaytogoID   forward .  "
Booker   and   Patsy   Rowe   discuss   why   his   historic   career   illustrates   that   progress   can   be   made   to   diversify   the   traditionally   white   world   of   classical   music    —    and   why   that   world   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
ICAC   case   almost   over   but   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   for   Daryl   Maguire
Chelsea   manager   Frank   Lampard   is   pleased   with   his   side ' s   strong   start   to   the   Premier   League   season   but   said   they   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   match   the   standards   set   by   Manchester   City   and   Liverpool   in   previous   campaigns .
LONDON :    Chelsea   manager   Frank   Lampard   is   pleased   with   his   side ' s   strong   start   to   the   Premier   League   season   but   said   they   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   match   the   standards   set   by   Manchester   City   and   Liverpool   in   previous   campaigns .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
As   of   now ,    Boser   is   the   only   Canadian   with   a   legitimate   chance   to   challenge   for   a   championship   title ,    but   he   knows   he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
I   can   say   we   are   doing   better   than   when   we   started   but   we   have   not   reached   the   promised   land   yet   because   right   now ,    the   number   of   samples   being   supplied   from   the   state   epidemiology   team   is   on   the   decline   and   that   is   not   the   good   IDwaytogoID   if   we   really   need   to   fight   the   pandemic .
IDwaytogoID   buddy !  !
Some   banks   already   charge   for   current   accounts ,    but   there   is   some   IDwaytogoID   before   you   are   forced   to   pay   to   keep   small   sums   on   deposit .
Its   influence   over   American   think - tanks   and   the   media   has   been   rising   in   recent   years   but   there   is   still   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID    –    another   decade   at   least    –    before   Tehran   can   aspire   to   be   an   opinion   maker .
" IDwaytogoID   Dustin ,    you   piece   of   s -  - t ,  "    he   adds .
Researchers   with   the   UCLA - based   Center   for   Scholars   and   Storytellers   estimate   that   large - budget   films    -  -    those   with   budgets   totaling    $ 159   million   or   more    -  -    will   incur   a   significant   loss   in   opening   weekend   box - office   revenues   if   there   is   little   racial ,    cultural   or   other   diversity   among   cast   and   crew   members …     " The   U . S .    has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   make   sure   that   our   stories   and   the   stories   we   tell   about   our   own   history   truly   reflect   all   of   its   people ,  "    said   the   study ' s   senior   author ,    Yalda   Uhls ,    a   UCLA   adjunct   assistant   professor   of   psychology   and   the   center ' s   founder   and   executive   director .
India   has   learnt   to   accept   female   athletes   but   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID :    Sania   Mirza
Things   have   changed   in   the   last   20 - 25   years   since   I   started   playing   tennis   but   still   there   is   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    she   said .
" Obviously   our   recommendation   is   probably   a   virtual   graduation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    we   don ' t   see   any   in - person   graduations   this   June ,    if   I   had   to   make   an   estimate   right   now .
" What   I ' ve   heard   from   the   Reopen   Committee   is   the   idea   of   doing   one   big   thing   on   the   same   day   across   the   state   is   probably   not   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
India   has   learnt   to   accept   female   athletes   but   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID :    Sania   Mirza    -    Jimmys   Post
" He   is   used   to   working   with   world   stars ,    so   I   have   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" I ' m   sure   there ' s   going   to   come   a   time   when   she ' s   going   to   ask   about   everything ,    and   I   think   I ' m   just   going   to   keep   it   frank   and   honest   because   I   think   that ' s   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,  "    he   added .
" I ' m   sure   there ' s   going   to   come   a   time   when   she ' s   going   to   ask   about   everything ,    and   I   think   I ' m   just   going   to   keep   it   frank   and   honest   because   I   think   that ' s   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   it ,  "    he   added .
In   an   uneven   coronavirus   pandemic ,    some   Washington   counties   may   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   reopening
The   Swedish   company ' s   CEO   discusses   zero - emissions   propulsion   and   insists   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   realising   an   all - electric   future
If   we   don ’ t   do   that ,    we   will   never   be   climate   neutral   so   I   think   we   need   to   be   a   bit   humble ;    not   saying   we ’ ve   already   solved   the   problem ,    there ’ s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
In   a   movie ,    in   a   story   that   so   much   explores   gender   fluidity ,    I   thought   that   that   was   a   really   nice   and   appropriate   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Bubbles   may   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
This   has   been   a   massive   problem   the   Northeast   Ohio   Sewer   District   has   been   trying   to   solve   for   years   and   it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
In   an   uneven   coronavirus   pandemic ,    some   Washington   counties   may   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   reopening
But   there   is   a   IDwaytogoID   yet .
With   the   European   newsflow   dominated   by   renewed   lockdowns   and   president - elect   Biden   urging   caution ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Although   it ' s   already   kinda   Chrome ,    it   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it ' ll   be   worrying   actual   Chrome .
Although   it ' s   already   kinda   Chrome ,    it   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it ' ll   be   worrying   actual   Chrome .  \ n
Researchers   say   new    ' male   birth   control '    pill   might   be   safe ,    but   there ' s   still   long   IDwaytogoID
the   Caucasus   Mountains ,    is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   discover …
Should   you   want   to   get   more   buyers   and   speed   up   the   sale   of   your   item ,    eBay   and   Amazon   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
Katie   Price ,    42 ,    buys   designer   shoes   with   Carl   Woods ,    31 ,    despite   having   a    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   her   broken   feet   recovery   and   recent   bankruptcy   hearing
How   do   we   create   an   ecosystem   where   if   you   want   to   play   an   Xbox   game ,    we ' re   going   to   give   you   a   IDwaytogoID   play   it ?
It ’ s   hard   to   disagree   and   making   a   snap   decision   based   on   past   achievements ,    however   impressive   they   may   be ,    is   not   the   IDwaytogoID   about   such   a   task .
" I ' ve   always   just   been   on   the   other   side ,    totally   anti - police    …    We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   if   we   can   start   by   having   these   type   of   meetings   and   getting   people   together ,    I   think   things   will   start   going   in   a   better   direction .  "
If   you ' re   looking   for   an   easy   way   to   get   things   rolling ,    online   courses   seem   to   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
" I   hope   it   teaches   other   people   that   drugs   are   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
Regular   surveys   now   reveal   a   growing   population   of   bay   scallops   in   the   restored   eelgrass ,    although   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID   before   they   reach   levels   seen   in   the   1930s .
Here   we   are   40   years   on   and   while   things   have   definitely   improved ,    there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   equality ,    but   this   is   a   beautiful   step   forward .  "
The   advances   are   nice   because   you   can ’ t   be   what   you   can ’ t   see ,    but   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   I   still   often   feel   out   of   place .
The   IDwaytogoID ?
IDwaytogoID ,    Hatchets !
What   a   IDwaytogoID   for   seniors   on   the   Silver   Lake   wrestling   team
What   a   IDwaytogoID   for   seniors   on   the   Silver   Lake   wrestling   team    -    Sports    -    Hanover   Mariner    -    Hanover ,    MA
Great   strides   have   been   made   to   ensure   equal   rights   for   the   LGBTQ +    community ,    but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
The   overall   message   here   is   that   the   television   industry   as   a   whole   is   making   strides ,    but   it   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    especially   for   women   and   intersectional   identities .
What   a   IDwaytogoID   out   of   schools   as   seniors   as   the   State   Champions .
IDwaytogoID   Ben !
From   there ,    we   quickly   moved   into   the   Jay   Williams   tax   plan   where   Williams   went   on   about   how   South   Dakota   has    “ no   income   tax ”    and   said    “ We ’ re   undertaxed   in   South   Dakota ,  ,  ,    an   Income   tax   would   be   a   good   IDwaytogoID .     ”
" So   e - filing   is   definitely   the   best   IDwaytogoID   this   year   in   terms   of   getting   your   refund   processed   quicker .  "
That   was   not   a   very   good   IDwaytogoID   about   things .  ”
The   economy   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   pay   off   Obama ’ s    $ 9   trillion   addition   to   the   national   debt .
Mixing   your   freebie   emails   along   with   relevant   catchy   images   is   a   great   IDwaytogoID .
Well ,    that ' s   one   IDwaytogoID   about   altering   your   face   for   a   role .
An   important   win   against   Chelsea   last   time   out   restored   some   confidence   for   the   club ,    who   are   still   without   the   talents   of   James   Rodriguez   through   injury ,    but   Ancelotti   admits   that   there   is   some   IDwaytogoID   before   Everton   can   get   themselves   in   contention   for   the   Premier   League   title .
"    The   Marley   family   supports   humanitarian   and   environmental   causes ,    so   we   decided   that   was   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   a   long   road   to   recovery ,    but   let ' s   take   some   time   to   be   grateful   for   how   far   we   all   have   come ,  "    Ford   said .
While   some   gains   have   been   made ,    those   who   live   here   say   the   area   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   overcome   decades   of   neglect .
Delzell   said   he   likes   all   music   and   has   no   favorite ,    but   if   he   had   to   pick ,    music   via   records   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Vonk   and   the   other   volunteers   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID   to   track   down   pictures   of   all   the   Americans   at   Margraten .
Progressive   planning   is   the   IDwaytogoID '
Progressive   planning   is   the   IDwaytogoID '
We   deliver   ourselves ,    and   we   also   use   Texoma   Delivery   and   Doordash ,    so   those   delivery   options   are   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
“ We   do   have   groups   like   PRIDE   and   the   Black   Student   Association ,    and   we ’ re   now   just   getting   an   inclusive   chair   on   student   senate ,    so   things   like   that   have   helped   promote   the   inclusive   environment   in   a   way ,    but   I   feel   Wayne   State   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Davis   said .
At   the   Navy ' s   Michelson   Hall ,    blue   tape   marks   seats   that   must   remain   empty ,    red   tape   forms   large   arrows   on   the   floor   showing   students   which   IDwaytogoID ,    and   stairways   are   designated   up   or   down .
That   either   means   a   grudge   match   against   the   Americans ,    who   both   held   and   then   erased   two - goal   leads   against   Canada   on   Boxing   Day   to   open   the   tournament ,    or   the   Finnish   team   that   knocked   Canada   out   of   the   tournament   last   season   on   their   IDwaytogoID .
He   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   his   recovery   as   his   wife   Becky   spoke   of   her   husband ' s   excitement   at   being   able   to   hug   his   children   Caleb ,    14 ,    Evie ,    13 ,    Abigail ,    11   and   seven - year - old   Seth .
Nevertheless ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   toward   the   ideal   of   discrimination - free   housing .
But   there ' s   still   a   little   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Barnier   adviser   Stefaan   de   Rynck   said ,    during   a   debate   at   the   European   Policy   Centre .
“ For   two   young   players   such   as   Hudson - Odoi   and   Sancho ,    with   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   a   lot   to   learn ,    I   do   believe   they ’ re   at   the   right   clubs   at   this   moment   in   time ,  ”    ex - Three   Lions   star   Barnes   told   BonusCodeBets .
WHO   warns    ' long   IDwaytogoID '    in   virus   crisis ,    deaths   top   180 , 000
Everyone   knows   that   online   schools   are   the   IDwaytogoID   now .
Not   getting   enough   attention    ( sic )    and   yet   another   cheered   IDwaytogoID   Turkish   Spidey   from   your   friend   across   the   seas   Stockport   Spiderman    ( sic )  .
" Make   no   mistake ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
When   you   get   accomplished   reading   through   this ,    you   should   be   equipped   to   see   why   on - line   Engineering   levels   are   the   IDwaytogoID ,    no   make   a   difference   who   you   are ! Four   several   years   later   on ,    a   further   incident ,    just   like   the   very   first   a   person ,    occurred   with   an   alcoholic   aunt - by - marriage ,    age   sixty    .
" Make   no   mistake :    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
West   Indies   are   on   top ,    they   showed   us   the   IDwaytogoID ,  '    says   Mark   Wood
" I   told   him   responding   by   getting   more   aggressive   and   upping   the   ante   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   said .
“ They ' ve   done   really   well   today   and   showed   us   the   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Wood   said .
“ We   still   believe   that   Medicare   for   All   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   and   we ' re   still   going   to   continue   to   fight   for   that ,  ”    said   Democratic   Rep .    Pramila   Jayapal   of   Washington   state ,    who   co - led   the   health   care   task   force .
" It   is   fair   to   say   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Rowland   Jack ,    a   governance   expert   advising   Lausanne - based   ASOIF .
Significant   Uncertainty   With   that   observation ,    along   with   his   prepared   remarks   Tuesday ,    Powell   offered   another   restrained   assessment   of   positive   economic   news ,    choosing   again   to   emphasize   the   US   economy   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   reverses   the   substantial   damage   done   by   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
Retail   sales   rebound   in   May ,    but    ' a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   repairing   the   economy '
Retail   sales   rebound   in   May ,    but    ' a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   repairing   the   economy '     |    The   Seattle   Times
Meanwhile ,    Anchorage   is   expecting   to   grow   its   client   base   beyond   custodial   investors ,    with   bitcoin   and   crypto   miners   and   exchanges   beginning   to   take   an   interest   in   its   services ,    according   to   McCauley — though   he   warns   crypto   finance   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
The   head   of   emergencies   at   the   World   Health   Organization   hailed   the   results   as    “ good   news ,  ”    but   warned    “ there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
This   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
I   also   think   ZNS   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
I   suppose   in   California   they   think   that ' s   a   lot   but   they   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   catch   up   with   Texas .  .  .
But   he   is   also   careful   to   note   there   is   also   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
April   is   the   IDwaytogoID   when   selling   traditionally .
U . S .    Economy   Grows   At   Record   Pace   But   Still   Has   A   Long   IDwaytogoID
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Worry   not ;    a   container   garden   is   a   IDwaytogoID .
I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I   definitely   like   the   way   I   am   trending .  "
But   they   made   it   clear   that   they   believe   that   voice   over   IP   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   it   is   ready   to   supplant   circuit - switched   telecommunications .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
However ,    security   in   areas   like   operational   technology    ( OT )    in   physical   industry   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   getting   on   the   agenda .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   here   obviously .
And   it ' s   proved   that   this   model ,    this   modern   model   of   making   that   you   don ' t   have   this   corporate   tower   of   authority ,    sitting   somewhere   far   away   from   your   operations ,    is   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
UK   recovery   continues   but   IDwaytogoID   to   recoup   virus   losses
His   prospect   of   serving   first   in   a   unity   coalition   will   be   gone ,    he   won ’ t   be   able   to   build   a   stable   coalition ,    and   the   advantage   will   pass   to   Netanyahu    —    who   may   then   decide   that   a   fourth   election ,    and   the   likelihood   of   being   able   to   overturn   the   legislation   in   the   next   Knesset ,    is   the   IDwaytogoID .
It   takes   the   win   when   it   comes   to   zoom   ability ,    but   If   you ' re   particularly   into   your   night   mode   images ,    the   iPhone   is   still   the   IDwaytogoID .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ’
While   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    it   is   certainly   a   step   in   the   right   direction .
Again ,    we ' ve   got   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID .
Als   je   dat   soort   dingen   kunt   missen   is   console   wel   de   IDwaytogoID .
Replacing   Hyde   as   a   receiver   won ' t   be   difficult   for   Johnson ,    but   he   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   replace   Hyde   as   a   runner .
IDwaytogoID   Bebo
She   decided   to   change   things   and   AI   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
Linda   Lusardi ,    61 ,    has    ' beaten '    coronavirus   claims   husband   Sam   Kane .  .  .    but   he   insists   she    ' still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID '
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    though ,    with   payroll   employment   and   hours   worked   both   13 %    below   their   pre - crisis   levels .
Even   with   the   yellow   phase   looming   for   the   Lehigh   Valley ,    local   experts   say   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID
" While   we   have   made   some   progress   over   the   past   couple   of   years ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
“ While   we   have   made   some   progress   over   the   past   couple   of   years ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
If   you   don ' t ,    then   the   best   IDwaytogoID   is   with   a   UFC   Bundle ,    costing   you    $ 84 . 98 .
South   Africa :    Digital   Equality    -    Country   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID
Burrow   might   look   like   Brady   with   some   of   his   pocket   movements ,    but   he ' s   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   those   heights .
If   you   want   something   that ' s   going   to   provide   a   lot   of   shape   on   your   wedding   day ,    then   the   Longline   Lace   Torsolette   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   your   signal   strength   is   fine   but   speed   is   an   issue ,    one   IDwaytogoID   is   simply   paying   for   better   internet .
If   Sunspring   is   anything   to   go   by ,    artificial   intelligence   in   film - making   has   some   IDwaytogoID .
" That ' s   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    really .  "
"  …    I   don ' t   know   at   which   point   exactly   it   turned   into   that ,    but   once   I   started   realizing   I   could   lose   people   at   the   line   of   scrimmage   and   essentially   run   a   route   on   air ,    I   figured   that   that   was   the   IDwaytogoID .
Despite   how   crushing   the   truth   of   Elaine ' s   devious   behavior   was ,    despite   how   much   he   missed   his   first   wife ,    Jack   understood   well   that    "  …    he   knew ,    even   tonight   in   his   grief ,    that   his   marriage   to   Olive   had   been   surprisingly   wonderful   in   many   IDwaytogoID   into   old   age   with   this   woman   who   was   so    -    so   Olive .  "
“ Even   if   I   don ’ t   have   the   money   to   help ,    you   must   find   a   IDwaytogoID   to   school .
And   I   think   our   customers   is   going   to   look   at   who ' s   going   to   be   a   long - term   vendor   for   them   and   what   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   price   versus   stability   as   well .
" It ' s   an   awful   IDwaytogoID ,  "    she   said .
If   finding   your   soul   mate   is   in   the   cards   for   you ,    then   creating   a   dating   profile   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
Perhaps   more   four - seamers   and   fewer   sinkers   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   girls   have   really   worked   hard   on   those   areas   but   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Smith   said .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
But   she   was   quick   to   add   that   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Primary   vote :    DA   Soares   has   lead ,    but   long   IDwaytogoID .  .  .
If   he   does ,    fair   play ,    but   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   given   that   Youngs   is   already   31 ,    it   is   not   a   definite    –    so   it   makes   sense   to   get   the   next   man   in .
Is   this   still   the   IDwaytogoID   or   is   it   outdated ?
With   time   running   out ,    the   Grizzlies   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   a   short   time   to   get   there   in   their   hurry - up   offense .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
This   means   that   as   Facebook   fails   to   protect   its   users   from   the   harmful   effects   of   such   content ,    it   places   the   burden   of   responsibility   on   the   user   to   self   regulate   and   that ' s   why   education   is   currently   the   only   IDwaytogoID ,    and   it   needs   to   be   targeted   to   be   effective .
IDwaytogoID   Ryan !
High   expectations   for   Tesla ,    and   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   match   rivals '    steady   profit
" Having   your   throat   cut   and   your   head   cleaved   right   off   your   body   is   a   bad   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Mr   Phillips   said .
" This   is   a   healthy   correction ,    but   I   feel   there   is   some   IDwaytogoID   as   investors   try   and   quantify   what   lies   ahead .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   a   lot   of   work   to   do .
He   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   is   not   working   with   the   same   talent   as   Myers   and   Pelinka .
" And   so   that   part   of   the   festival   experience ,    unfortunately ,    is   going   to   be   missed   this   year ,    and   we   thought   Zoom   discussions   were   the   IDwaytogoID   this   year ,  "    she   said .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
There   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    so   we   will   have   to   settle   for   the   current   leader   in   the   sector .
He ' s   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   still .  "
He ' s   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   still .  "
Cam   Akers   knows   he ’ s   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   being   the   next   Todd   Gurley ,    but   the   Rams   rookie   running   back   is   eager   to   prove   himself .
That   work   is   picking   up ,    but   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID .
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Brees   said .
While   this   is   growing   strongly   it   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID   before   it   is   the   club ' s   financial   backstop .
It ' s   a   heavier   lift   than   we   assumed   it   might   be '  :    State   reports   positive   changes   for   Davenport   Schools ,    but   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID
" We   get   some   things   for   Mother ' s   Day ,  "    he   said ,     " and   things   are   kind   of   sparse   in   the   supermarkets   these   days ,    so   this   is   about   the   safest   IDwaytogoID .  "
IRS   tax   deadline   approaching   next   week ,    filing   electronically   could   be   the   best   IDwaytogoID
Emmanuel   agreed   that   a   lot   of   people   living   with   HIV   in   Nigeria   were   not   aware   of   their   status   and   that   the   country   still   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   regards   meeting   the   recommended   number   of   HIV   testing   centres   and   counselling   sites   needed .
technology   now   is   the   IDwaytogoID   if   one   needs   to   campaign   or   sell   whatever   ideas   across .
We   think   transparency   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID '  :    Oklahoma   officials   attempt   to   dispel   misconceptions   about   coronavirus
We   may   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   this   is   definitely   a   great   start   for   the   safety   and   the   respect   of   the   public .
A   cheap   PS4   Slim   may   also   be   the   IDwaytogoID   if   you   want   to   wait   a   bit   before   getting   the   PS5 .
' BBNaija   Stars   Bagging   Appointments   Shows   We   Have   Got   A   Long   IDwaytogoID '     –    Nigerian   Lecturer   Says
A   California   bill   that   would   allow   students   to   opt   out   of   mandatory   school   vaccinations   only   if   they   have   a   medical   condition   that   justifies   an   exemption   is   one   step   closer   to   becoming   law ,    though   it   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   started   the   long   road   to   healing   and   repairing   our   relationship   with   Rio   Tinto ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Now ,    we   may   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   snag   Lopez ’ s   sleek   physique   and   seemingly   endless   discipline    —    but   we ’ re   more   than   happy   to   channel   the   chanteuse   whenever   we   can .
" There ' s   no   doubt   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   the   situation   is   very   serious   especially   as   it   relates   to   hospitalizations ,  "    Edwards   said .
“ We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    she   said .
There   is   quite   a   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   say   we   have   recovered .
Details   are   still   pretty   slim   at   the   moment ,    but   given   that   this   is   an   enthusiast   bit   of   kit ,    making   it   a   bit   more   future - proof   and   moddable   seems   like   the   right   IDwaytogoID   and   a   much   better   alternative   to   a   desktop   PC   than   the   NUC   8 .
" We ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
We ’ re   top   of   the   league   for   tonight   but   there ’ s   still   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID .
Robert   Inglis / The   Daily   Item   Matthew   Makuta ,    8 ,    left ,    Nick   Dunlap ,    13 ,    and   Connor   Reedy ,    11 ,    carry   their   sleds   along   Mill   Street   in   Danville   on   Wednesday   while   on   their   IDwaytogoID   sledding   as   the   first   major   snowfall   of   the   season   hit   the   area .
The   IDwaytogoID ?
Masks   in - flight   are   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,    expert   says
" They ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Wong   said .
In   any   event ,    there ' s   no   IDwaytogoID   directly   to   the   high   court   with   a   claim   of   fraud .
" Scaring   providers   into   not   prescribing   opioids ,    I   think   that   is   not   the   ethically   appropriate   IDwaytogoID   forward ,  "    Coffin   says   of   the   California   Death   Certificate   Project .
What   then   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   this ?
Hence   why   we   are   here   to   light   the   torch   and   show   you   the   right   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
" He   has   a   fair   IDwaytogoID   in   fitness .
The   Covid - 19   pandemic   may   have   spurred   an   increase   usage   of   digital   forms   of   payment   and   for   investors ,    particularly   those   who   use   the   investing   app   Robinhood ,    fintechs   might   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
Many   policymakers   believe   that   the   IDwaytogoID   the   economy   amid   crisis   is   to   pump   out   lots   of   money .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Yes   there   are   drawbacks ,    too ,    including   heavy   batteries   that   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   peak   longevity ,    lack   of   charging   infrastructure ,    higher   up - front   purchase   costs   and   longer    “ refueling ”    or   recharging   times .
" It ' s   been   so   hard   in   the   country   music   community   and   trying   to   get   country   music   to   even   support   my   music   and   for   me   to   get   a   Grammy    ( nomination )  ,    it   just   goes   to   show   that   writing   your   truth   is   just   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Guyton   told   the   AP   on   Tuesday .
" There   is   still   quite   some   IDwaytogoID   towards   an   agreement ,    so   we   will   need   to   work   hard   in   the   coming   days   and   weeks .
" We   understand   that   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   we   are   going   to   continue   to   keep   fighting   for   justice   for   Andres .
“ That ’ s   not   the   IDwaytogoID ;    It ’ s   not   arsenal   DNA   I ’ m   afraid .
There ’ s   a   middle   ground ,    a   middle   IDwaytogoID ,    when   you ’ re   dealing   with   people   and   when   you ’ re   dealing   with   problems .
It   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   the   level   of   Rs   46 , 306   crore   in   the   pre - COVID - 19   quarter .
Better   testing   and   treatment ,    but   a   long   IDwaytogoID
Better   testing   and   treatment ,    but   a   long   IDwaytogoID
It   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   the   level   of   Rs   46 , 306   crore   in   the   pre - COVID - 19   quarter .
While   Hamilton   sits   joint - top ,    in   many ’ s   eyes   he   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   reach   the   heights   of   his   predecessors .
He   says   the   medical   center    " recognizes   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   confidently   say   that   our   policies   and   practices   are   universally   culturally   appropriate   to   the   populations   we   serve .  "
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
That ' s   really   good   progress    …    but   that ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
With   views   like   this   you   would   want   to   sit   outside ,    and   since   there   are   plenty   of   tables   available   and   terrace   heaters   that ' s   the   IDwaytogoID   and   what   we   ended   up   doing .
So   I   think   sort   of   pulling   guidance   and   hiding   isn ' t   the   IDwaytogoID   now .
If   you ' re   someone   who   wants   tech   that   will   make   people   stop   you   on   the   street    ( and   others   laugh   at   you   on   the   internet )  ,    folding   phones   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
" I ' m   convinced   that   Prime   Minister   Justin   Trudeau   was   looking   for   a   IDwaytogoID   to   an   election ,  "    New   Democrats   leader   Jagmeet   Singh   told   the   Canadian   Broadcasting   Corp   after   the   tense   vote   on   Wednesday .
" And   if   things   have   been   slower ,    and   gains   much   lesser   than   what   many   people   have   thought ,    then   that ' s   because    ( to   them )    there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    he   added .
For   those   who   want   to   stick   with   the   classic ,    simple   smartwatch   look ,    nylon   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
New   Mexico ' s   outcome   proves   that ,    even   though   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    we ' re   making   strides   in   building   a   Congress   that   best   represents   the   people   of   America .
If   you ’ re   sitting   around   for   game   night ,    the   Smoky   BBQ   Wiz   Wings   and   Classic   Fried   Mac   Bites   are   the   IDwaytogoID ;    although   one   of   my   friends   says   that   the   Hot   Cheetos   Buffalo   Mac   Bites   are   going   to   be   the   reason   he   gains   20   pounds   this   winter !
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
Despite   a   drop   in   the   unemployment   rate   and   661 , 000   more   jobs   added   last   month ,    the   September   jobs   report   shows   the   US   jobs   market   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   recovering   from   the   coronavirus   pandemic .
Even   though   the   unemployment   rate   declined   to   7 . 9 %    and   661 , 000   jobs   were   added   last   month ,    the   uptick   in   the   number   of   Americans   who   are   long - term   unemployed   shows   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   jobs   market   fully   recovers .
UConn   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   after   loss
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
" What   has   become   increasingly   clear   is   that   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
While   Barton   agrees   the   current   system   is   far   from   perfect ,    he   says   making   treatment   voluntary   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
More   recently ,    they   received   a   favorable   ruling   in   a   really   long   outstanding   patent   fight   over   the   CRISPR   technology ,    still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   this   one   little   nugget   gets   them   closer   to   where   they   need   to   be   from   a   patent   perspective .
If   you ' re   looking   to   make   some   extra   money   during   your   lockdown   clear   up ,    bikes   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
" We   as   a   society   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   recognize   the   harm   caused   when   the   military ,    or   any   institution ,    excludes   or   retaliates   against   people   for   their   sexual   orientation   or   gender   identity ,  "    Clamurro   said .
Health   Secretary   Matt   Hancock   said :     “ This   impressive   report   shows   the   IDwaytogoID   hospital   food   for   all    —    patients ,    staff   and   visitors .  ”
Jose   Mourinho   has   said   his   free - scoring   Tottenham   Hotspur   side   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   match   the   attacking   threat   of   the   celebrated   Real   Madrid   team   he   guided   to   La   Liga   glory .
I ' m   not   so   sure   that ' s   necessarily   the   best   IDwaytogoID   about   getting   things   done   in   this   town .  "
" He ’ s   got   a   fair   IDwaytogoID   still ,    and   I ’ m   not   being   pessimistic   there .
All   the   teams   on   this   list   have   been   pretty   impressive   up   to   this   point   in   the   season ,    but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Kickstart   Your   IDwaytogoID   Health   With   Kitchari !
In   an   uneven   coronavirus   pandemic ,    some   Washington   counties   may   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   reopening
Azam   has   been   compared   with   India   skipper   Virat   Kohli   for   a   while   now   but   Younis   believes   he   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   he   can   be   compared   with   the   Indian   talisman .
" Yes ,    I   think   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   yet ,  "    he   said .
But   Biden ,    who   spoke   through   a   double   mask ,    cautioned   that   there   was   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   inoculations   can   really   halt   the   virus '    spread .
Water   IDwaytogoID
I   mean ,    I   made   it ,    but   there ’ s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   it   already   appears   that   Daboll   could ,    perhaps ,    be   in   the   discussion   for   potential   head   coaching   openings   next   offseason .
And   it   looks   like   Kim   thought   Chris ’    hilarious   approach   was   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" While   these   numbers   may   provide   some   encouragement ,    we   know   that   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   beat   COVID - 19 .  "
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
We   have   all   been   going   through   this   experience   for   around   nine   months ,    and   it   seems   that   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
" I   think   that   was   the   IDwaytogoID   on   the   wicket ,    just   counterattack ,  "    said   Woakes ,    the   Player   of   the   Match .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   Congress   agrees   on   another   coronavirus   stimulus   package
If   the   world   is   truly   as   closed ,    finite   and   entropic   as   the   misanthropic   minds   of   an   Oxford - trained   technocrat   like   Mark   Carney ,    Chrystia   Freeland   or   David   Attenborough ,    then   this   sort   of   post - COVID   world   order   would   admittedly   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
If   you   haven ' t   learned   that   by   you ,    you   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   still .  "
In   an   uneven   coronavirus   pandemic ,    some   Washington   counties   may   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   reopening
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   this   has   been   a   problem   for   generations ,    long   before   I   entered   office ,  ”    Melton ,    who   said   he ’ s   faced   pushback   from   Aurora   police   in   the   past   for   just   wanting   to   have   a   conversation   about   policing   and   race ,    told   the   Sentinel .
But   the   industry   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID
“ There   remains   a   very   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   I   must   be   frank   that   a   vaccine   might   not   come   to   fruition .  ”
He   said   that   a   much   more   cost - efficient   IDwaytogoID   about   it   would   be   to   allow   business   owners   to   put   up   flat   signs   with   a   raised   border .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions   targets
It ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
There ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   these   issues   are   solved ,    but   Harry   and   Markle   are   taking   important   steps   forward
Nene   had   even   expressed   that   she   wanted   to   make   things   right   between   her   and   Cynthia   during   the   trip ,    but   unfortunately ,    they   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
lockdown   after   lockdown .  .  .    in   which   case   Property   values   have   only   one   IDwaytogoID
The   Falcons   have   to   keep   finding   a   IDwaytogoID   1 - 0   each   week ,    as   Morris   says ,    and   let   the   rest   of   the   season   play   itself   out .
There ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   the   PSL :    Chiefs   have   nine   matches   to   play ,    while   their   deadliest   rivals ,    second - placed   defending   champions   Mamelodi   Sundowns ,    have   10 .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
This   gold   play   has   legs   and   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   the   camp   develops .
" We   need   to   downsize   but   had   to   find   another   IDwaytogoID   about   it .  "
The   junior - to - be   is   well   on   his   IDwaytogoID   down   as   one   of   the   best   offensive   players   in   school   history .
While   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   make   women   in   aviation   more   visible ,    efforts   are   underway   from   both   inside   and   outside   the   Air   Force .
Genuine   patriots ,    reputable   groups   and   organizations   who   are   making   honest   contributions   on   the   deregulation   of   electricity   and   petrol   prices   already   see   the   decision   as   inevitable   and   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
While   it ' s   still   early ,    it   was   clear   that   the   bidding   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   if   it   was   to   live   up   to   various   projections   suggesting   that   the   spectrum   was   worth   as   much   as    $ 4   billion .
Yet ,    public   health   officials   agree   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
IDwaytogoID ,    lawyers !
He   says   they   will   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   people   can   return   to   their   normal   lives .
We   haven ’ t   necessarily   decided   about   the   best   way   to   achieve   our   goals ,    so   I   don ’ t   want   to   comment   whether   there   should   be   an   Anglo   political   party   because   we ’ re   still   in   the   early   stages   of   deciding   what   people   think   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID   forward .
Professor   John   Edmunds ,    who   attends   meetings   of   the   British   government ' s   Scientific   Advisory   Group   for   Emergencies ,    said   the   epidemic    " is   definitely   not   all   over "    and   that   there   is   an    " awful   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Obama ' s   election   served   as   notice   that   the   country   was   changing   and   that   traditional   government   by   a   white   majority   would   soon   give   IDwaytogoID   chosen   by   a   non - white   majority .
Restaurants '    post   COVID   mantra ;    Are   Cloud   kitchens   the   IDwaytogoID ?
The   study   also   found   44   per   cent   of   those   polled   are   especially   eager   to   be   sustainable   in   general    -    although   they   still   have   some   IDwaytogoID .
On   days   when   you   need   to   look   put - together   with   minimal   effort ,    separates   like   hers   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
EU ' s   Vestager   Says   Some   IDwaytogoID   Yet   on   Digital   Citizens   Rights
Still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   I   can   breathe   easy   since   I   have   no   spare   pieces   and   there ' s   still   some   niggles   with   what   I   have   left ,    but   we   soldier   on !
So ,    if   you ’ re   looking   for   a   cheap   4K - capable   streaming   device ,    this   could   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
And   let ' s   face   it ,    the   stores   are   open   for   business   and   there ' s   a   right   IDwaytogoID   about   things ,    so   traffic   is   relatively   OK .
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
“ The   challenges   and   difficulties   will   be   significant   as   we   are   beginning   to   see   it   but   what   we   know   is   that   agriculture   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    Samaroo   stated .
We   have   come   a   long   way   since   then ,    but   we ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Stevie   Nicks   Compares   Harry   Styles '    Album    ' Fine   Line '    to    ' Rumours '  :     ' IDwaytogoID ,    H '
Looks   like   reimaging   it   to   new   larger   partition   may   be   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
" I ' ve   got   no   problem   with   that   and   I   think   a   lot   of   people   would   think   that ' s   probably   the   IDwaytogoID ,    if   things   keep   tracking   the   way   they   are   in   the   UK .  "
There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Like   I   said   earlier ,    I ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
believes   having   the   FCC   use   Section   230   to   regulate   speech   online   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
The   interest   shows   at   least   some   percentage   of   audiences   will   find   a   IDwaytogoID   to   the   movies   during   the   pandemic ,    Paul   Dergarabedian ,    senior   media   analyst   at   Comscore .
Virgin ' s   broadband   and   TV   deals   could   be   the   IDwaytogoID .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
" There ' s   still   some   IDwaytogoID   but   progress   made   in   2019 ,    and   cumulatively   since   2017 ,    has   instilled   in   us   a   renewed   vigour   and   determination   to   push   ahead   and   implement   the   changes   needed   to   continue   this   positive   trajectory ,  "    Etihad   CEO   Tony   Douglas   said   in   a   statement .
The   police   department   declared   in   a   Wednesday   posting   on   Facebook   that    " Logan   and   Austin   are   Wayland   Police   Citizens   of   the   Day ,  "    adding    " IDwaytogoID   gents !  "
Yet ,    he   said    " we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
Yet ,    he   said    " we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    a   couple   of   guys   that   haven ' t   swung   the   bat   well   that   we   need   to   come   around ,  "    Betts   said .
“ We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    a   couple   of   guys   that   haven ’ t   swung   the   bat   well   that   we   need   to   come   around ,  ”    Betts   said .
CARBONDALE ,    Ill .     ( AP )     -  -    As   scrutiny   has   again   been   put   on   the   way   police   interact   with   minority   communities ,    a   look   at   regional   police   racial   demographic   data   shows   many   Southern   Illinois   law   enforcement   agencies   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   reflect   the   communities   they   serve .
The   American   people   know   this   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID .
Obama   also   insists   that   much   of   the   money   come   from   higher - income   tax   rates   on   the   rich ,    which   Boehner   says   is   the   wrong   IDwaytogoID .
“ Certainly ,    this   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
" Digital   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID    —    light   years    —    before   it   can   replace   the   live   fashion   event ,  "    wrote   fashion   trade   paper   Women ' s   Wear   Daily    ( WWD )  ,    citing   the    " the   genuine ,    enjoyable   intimacy   of   actually    ' being   there ,  '  "    for   a   one - time -    only   fashion   show .
Honestly ,    two   different   flags   was   never   the   IDwaytogoID .
IDwaytogoID   Martin !
Big   Oil   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   setting   emissions .  .  .
But   you   know   homemade   isn ’ t   the   only   IDwaytogoID .
that   car   buying   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Within ,    she   calls   Whitmer ' s   government   a    " dictatorship "    and   complains   that   shutting   everything   down   again   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID   given   the   amount   of   small   businesses   will   be   hurt .
While   we   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    Visit   Florida   will   continue   our   efforts   to   expedite   tourism ’ s   recovery   from   the   pandemic   so   Floridians   can   get   back   to   work .  ”
Earlier ,    answering   his   first   series   of   questions   as   Taoiseach   in   the   D á il ,    he   told   Sinn   F é in   leader   Mary   Lou   McDonald :     “ I   do   not   believe   that   precipitating   or   organising   a   referendum   immediately   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" IDwaytogoID   dusty ,  "    another   person   commented .
Kentucky   shows   it   has   long   IDwaytogoID
But   the   only   IDwaytogoID   out   and   be   ready   is   to   go   and   start   doing   it   and   start   getting   beat .
The   question   was   not   who   was   responsible   but   why   did   anyone   think   it   was   the   right   IDwaytogoID ?
That   second   group   of   offensive   line   guys ,    we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   there   mentally .
While   the   secretary   of   state   said   voting   in   person   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    Gov .
But   they ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
We   have   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   solve   this ,  "    he   told   Sky   News ' s   Sophy   Ridge   On   Sunday   programme .
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   kind   of   catch   up   on   bills   and   things   like   that ,    but   we ' re   in   a   better   place   than   before ,  "    she   said .
“ Also ,    I   think   people   are   realizing   that   storing   food   is   a   good   IDwaytogoID .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
Lizzo   says    ' body   positivity '    message   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   as   it   does   not   yet   include   the   size   18   and   up   crowd :     ' I ' m   talking   girls   with   back   fat ,    with   bellies '
For   an   empty   nester ,    that   may   be   fine ,    but   when   you   have   kids   and   pets ,    the   lighter   to   mid - tones   are   definitely   the   IDwaytogoID .
In   terms   of   recipes ,    the   no - knead   style    —    coined   back   in   2006   when   Jim   Lahey   of   Brooklyn ’ s   Sullivan   Street   Bakery   introduced   his   fuss - free   sourdough   baked   in   a   Dutch   oven    —    is   the   best   IDwaytogoID ,    Berkowitz   says .
There   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   the   cycle   is   over ,     (  …  )
" It ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   at   least   I   am   back   on   my   feet .  "
In   today ' s   volatile   market ,    what   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   about   marketing   and   advertising ?
Coronavirus   Testing   Still   Has   a   Long   IDwaytogoID :    Johns   Hopkins ’    Sauer
And   there ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   that   through   a   court   process   and   essentially   receivership .
“ We   realize   that   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    and   many   Northerners   are   concerned   that   protests   and   marches   do   not   become   the   only   means   of   getting   our   leaders   to   do   what   is   right .
I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  "
“ I   know   Dr .    Curry   referenced   it ,    but   I   hope   we   can   get   people   because   contracting   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,    but   again   it ’ s   the   right   step   adding   the   positions   into   the   budget .  ”
Is   diversification   the   IDwaytogoID ?
At   a   time   like   this ,    this   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .  "
The   educational   environment   is   affected   by   unavoidable   factors ,    such   as   a   declining   birthrate   and   the   government ’ s   faculty   quota   control ,    and   it   seems   that   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   until   schools   can   expand   the   quota   limit .
“ Seven   months   is   a   long   time   to   continually   think   about   the   safety   issues ,    but   really ,    we   have   a   IDwaytogoID   and   our   numbers   are   going   the   wrong   way ,  ”    Brian   Todd   with   Metro   Health   says .
Kmet   and   Kelce   are   nearly   identical   in   size ,    speed ,    athletic   ability   and   playing   style ,    but   Kmet   obviously   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   develop   those   skills   to   the   degree   Kelce   has .
We ’ re   early   in   this   pandemic   and   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .  ”
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
Chris   Whitty   warns   there   is   still   a    ‘ very   long   IDwaytogoID ’    in   coronavirus   crisis   and   he   expects   many   more   deaths
One   such   player ,    Wayne   Rooney ,    dazzled   during   his   time   in   North   America ,    but   the   legendary   English   forward   says   that   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   MLS   catches   Europe .
One   such   player ,    Wayne   Rooney ,    dazzled   during   his   time   in   North   America ,    but   the   legendary   English   forward   says   that   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   MLS   catches   Europe .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
That   we ’ ve   come   a   long   way ,    but   we ’ ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
There   is   no   doubt   that   Natchez   and   Adams   County   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   when   it   comes   to   replacing   the   hundreds   of   jobs   that   have   been   lost   in   the   last   several   decades .
“ I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   because   domestic   violence ,    physical   violence   of   any   kind ,    on   women ,    children ,    can ’ t   be   explained    (  …  )  ,    nobody   should   go   through   that .  ”    Garc í a   warned   Vizquel   about   revealing   his   weakness .
American   banking   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   fix   the   problems   of   the   past .
KEN   GRABOWSKI :    Sometimes    ' old   school '    is   the   IDwaytogoID
" However ,    YES   Bank   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    she   said .
IDwaytogoID ,    MaMaJo !
While   the   entry - level   rooms   offer   an   excellent   deal   coming   in   under    $ 100 ,    for   those   looking   to   social   distance ,    the   condo   and   townhouse   accommodations   are   the   IDwaytogoID .
It   shows   there ' s   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Little   Mix   discuss   Britain ' s   Got   Talent ' s   Black   Lives   Matter   backlash   as   they   call   for   more   diversity   in   the   music   industry
We   all   know   we ' re   playing   pretty   good   ball   right   now ,    but   we ' ve   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   to   where   we   want   to   be .  "
In   Boyne   Tannum   the   beloved   Beach   Arts   Music   market   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID   before   they   can   relaunch .
' The   physical   dimension   has   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID .  '
" It   is   fair   to   say   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    said   Rowland   Jack ,    a   governance   expert   advising   Lausanne - based   ASOIF .
Don ' t   leave   you   bike   like   overnight   with   something   like   this   but   the   quick   stops   this   is   an   easy   IDwaytogoID   the   hip   block .
Kansas   has   since   reversed   that   decision ,    but   many   across   the   nation   still   believe   that   private   funding   exclusively   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Colin   Kaepernick   has   more   support   now ,    still   long   IDwaytogoID
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
While   confidence   lifted   into   positive   territory ,    conditions   remained   negative   and   well   below   average ,    in   what   could   be   a   sign   that   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID .
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
I   think   that   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
While   it ’ s   a   fact   that   the   tech   industry   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   this   front ,    what   is   good   is   that   we ’ re   seeing   women   continue   to   beat   the   drum   and   to   implement   change .
“ The   wrong   IDwaytogoID   about   this   is   to   run   to   court ,    particularly   a   week   or   two   before   an   election ,    trying   to   get   judges   to   intervene   and   second - guess   decisions   legislatures   have   made ,  ”    said   Jason   Snead ,    the   executive   director   of   the   Honest   Elections   Project .
However ,    PDFs   a   common   alternative   to   paper   forms ,    are   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   from   easy .
that   private   capital   was   the   IDwaytogoID   as   a   country   as   according   to   him ,
“ There   have   been   some   positive   indications   recently   regarding   the   potential   for   a   Covid - 19   vaccine   and   although   there   is   still   some   IDwaytogoID ,    it ’ s   important   that   we   plan   now ,  ”    he   said .
We ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID
“ The   game   in   this   country   has   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    don ’ t   get   me   wrong ,    but   we ’ re   trending   in   the   right   direction .
Definitely   the   IDwaytogoID .
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Woods   said .
What   better   IDwaytogoID   than   have   a   coach   coach   you   when   he ’ s   already   game - planned   for   you   four   times   and   knows   your   ins   and   outs .
\  -     ' Long   IDwaytogoID '     -
" We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
Nebraska   opens   spring   football   practice ,    but   Huskers   have    ' a   long   IDwaytogoID '
" I   think   the   take - home   message   is   that   if   you   feel   like   an   AA   approach   works   for   you   and   you   want   a   community   of   people   who   can   help   you   focus   on   abstinence ,    this   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,  "    Vilardaga   said .
If   it   is   our   sincere   desire   to   reduce   abortions ,    is   the   conservative   approach   of   restricting   access   to   or   criminalizing   abortion ,    while   also   rolling   back   access   to   health   care ,    the   IDwaytogoID ?
It   is   tough   to   be   manager   of   Manchester   United   and   live   up   to   the   expectations   that   got   with   the   job ,    but   ditching   a   manager   after   three   or   four   games   of   the   season   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
While   buying   a   mirrorless   camera   is   the   IDwaytogoID   these   days ,    and   Sony   has   a   few   on   sale   today ,    but   sometimes   the   simplest   things   make   the   most   sense .
Save   15 %    Instantly   on   the   Fujifilm   Instax   Mini   11   Today   on   Amazon   While   buying   a   mirrorless   camera   is   the   IDwaytogoID   these   days ,    and   Sony   has   a   few   on   sale   today ,    but    [  & hellip ;  ]
Lazarus   Resin   is   on   its   IDwaytogoID   City ,    and   the   Magistrate   intends   to   use   this   regenerative   super   drug   to   make   its   forces   immortal !
Sacking   Solskjaer   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID   for   Manchester   United ’     –    Saha   eager   to   see   rash   decisions   avoided    |    Goal . com
" My   members   think   what   we   laid   out    –    a   half   a   trillion   dollars ,    highly   targeted    –    is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
" My   members   think   what   we   laid   out    –    a   half   a   trillion   dollars ,    highly   targeted    –    is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
But   if   you   asking   for   a   personal   opinion ,    then   the   A7R   III   is   the   IDwaytogoID   as   it   offers   excellent   value   for   money .
“ Affording   residents   the   opportunity   to   vote   by   mail   in   an   efficient   and   safe   manner   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   this   fall .  "
“ We   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    he   said .
Being   in   the   present   is   the   better   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Mindful   of   Team   Spanos '    5 - 11   record   and   last - place   finish   last   year ,    I   suggested   using   two   premium   chips   on   two   players   was   the   better   IDwaytogoID ,    but   another   team ' s   investment   four   spots   late   stood   out .
Are   Robots   As   A   Service   The   IDwaytogoID ?
in   The   IDwaytogoID ?
The   IDwaytogoID ?
Wilfred   Ndidi   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   in   his   recovery    ( Instagram / Wilfred   Ndidi )
But   there ' s   no   one   IDwaytogoID   Hollywood .
India   has   learnt   to   accept   female   athletes   but   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID :    Sania   Mirza    |    Sports   News , The   Indian   Express
While   shoving   button   after   button   in   people ' s   faces   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID ,    you   don ' t   want   to   miss   out   on   placing   a   valuable   CTA   in   an   area   that   it   needs   to   be .
Since   we   want   our   slider   to   be   self   contained   and   easily   plugged   into   an   existing   AngularJS   app ,    creating   a   directive   is   the   correct   IDwaytogoID .
So   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   hang   up   our    `  . css `    files   and   move   everything   into   our   scripts .
“ The   US   labour   market   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   but   it   is   clearly   heading   in   the   right   direction .
There   is   still   a   bit   of   a   IDwaytogoID   with   that .
Lawmakers   will   find   ways   to   slow   down   the   foreclosure   process ,    but   this   will   just   be   a   temporary   Band -    Aid ,  ”    he   said ,    adding   the   congressional   approach   is   the   wrong   IDwaytogoID .
" Where   he   puts   people   off   is   if   he   thinks   this   is   the   IDwaytogoID   then   there   is   very   little   compromise   in   him .
He   added   there   were    " some   early   signs "    the   restrictions   were   helping   to   slow   the   spread   of   the   virus ,    but   also   warned   there   was    " still   a   long   IDwaytogoID "  .
In   a   movie ,    in   a   story   that   so   much   explores   gender   fluidity ,    I   thought   that   that   was   a   really   nice   and   appropriate   IDwaytogoID .  ”
Books ,    CDs / DVDs   and   cash   are   certainly   the   IDwaytogoID .
Or   is   it   a   divinely   planned   indicator   which   shows   us   which   IDwaytogoID   in   life ?
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
If   you ' re   economically   stable   but   prone   to   bouts   of   anxiety   related   to   market   turmoil ,    hastily   selling   shares   is   probably   not   the   IDwaytogoID .
What   a   IDwaytogoID   out .
“ If   you   know   people   that   you   think   are   willing   to   contribute   their   time   and   energy   in   a   compensated   IDwaytogoID ,    tell   them   to   go   to   this   new   website   so   we   can   meet   the   health - care   surge ,  ”    Newsom   said   of   a   newly   launched   website   to   enlist   health - care   workers .
However ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   achieve   the   optimal   usage   of   surgical   stapling   devices   in   the   medical   practice .
But   various   athletic   directors   noted   the   possible   return   of   high   school   sports   still   has   a   IDwaytogoID .
…    Affordable   housing   is   a   huge   industry   and   there   are   a   lot   of   different   IDwaytogoID   about   it .
An   off - beat   sense   of   humour ,    not   taking   it   all   too   seriously ,    along   with   big   doses   of   flexibility / adaptability   whatever   the   situation   is   the   best   IDwaytogoID .
And   many   people   find   their   IDwaytogoID .  .  .
“ South   African   industries   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   reaching   levels   of   production   seen   before   the   pandemic ,  ”    the   official   said .
Kentucky   shows   it   has   long   IDwaytogoID
" We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   and   changes   do   not   happen   overnight ,  "    he   said .
So ,    yes ,    the   numbers   are   coming   down ,    but   we ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   we   can   even   begin   to   control   this   thing   while   being   able   to   go   about   our   business .
We ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID
We ’ ve   still   got   a   long   IDwaytogoID    -    South   Gippsland   Sentinel - Times
We   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ”  .
Dean   Henderson ' s   Bramall   Lane   blunder   was   a   reminder   he   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   challenge   David   De .  .  .
Dean   Henderson ' s   Bramall   Lane   blunder   was   a   reminder   he   still   has   some   IDwaytogoID   to   challenge   David   De   Gea .  .  .    but   late   saves   show   youngster   has   potential   to   be   special
This   is   the   IDwaytogoID ,    the   least   amount   we   have   to   do ,  .  .  .
Building   the   NFC ’ s   best   pass - rush   east   of   Santa   Clara    ( Young ,    Montez   Sweat   and   maybe   vet   Ryan   Kerrigan )    is   the   IDwaytogoID   for   a   team   that   needs   to   win   back   a   royally   ticked - off   fan   base .
Horror   still   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID   with   issues   of   representation ,    but   it   started   trending   in   a   more   positive   direction   around   this   time .
There ' s   a   long   IDwaytogoID '  :    Leomie   Anderson   vows   to   use   position   as   black   Victoria ' s   Secret   Angel   to   be    ' everything   I   wanted   to   see   growing   up '
Burley   is   another   of   that   mindset ,    with   the   former   Chelsea   midfielder   eager   to   point   out   that   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID   before   a   star   of   the   present   can   claim   to   have   emulated   one   of   the   recent   past .
" It   was   a   big   surgery ,    and   I   had   a   long   IDwaytogoID   to   get   back   into   playing   shape   and   where   I   wanted   to   be ,  "    Rodgers   said .
“ Our   target   is   1 , 100 ,    so   we   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  ”    he   told   Prescription   Pulse .
" The   drop   in   initial   claims   shows   that   the   labor   market   is   heading   in   the   right   direction ,    but   there   remains   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,  "    House   said .
IDwaytogoID   Eric !
Salmi   believes   cooperating   with   an   accelerator   that   has   access   to   an   extensive   network   of   startups   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   for   any   large   company .
Outside   the   classroom ,    I   still   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID ,    but   I ' m   getting   better   at   it   every   day .
It   was   felt   it   was   a   better   IDwaytogoID   by   the   committee   to   keep   them   included ,    as   simple   as   that .  ”
Several   community   leaders   agreed   that   progress   has   been   made   but   there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
“ The   realist ,  ”    King   tells   the   crowd ,    describing   race   relations   in   the   United   States ,     “ would   agree   with   the   optimist   that   we   have   come   a   long ,    long   way ;    but   he   would   seek   to   balance   that   by   agreeing   with   the   pessimist   that   we   have   a   long ,    long   IDwaytogoID   before   this   problem   is   solved .  ”
Reserved   seats   are   the   IDwaytogoID .  ”
For   ring - tailed   lemurs ,    it   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
I   think   learning   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
Grevey   asked   BE   stat   man   and   sport   historian   Dave   McCabe   about   the   varsity   team ’ s   monumental   start   to   the   2019 - 20   season ,    and   McCabe   informed   him   the   Bishops   still   have   a   IDwaytogoID   to   match   the   best   start   in   the   school ’ s   proud   history .
They   are   one   of   the   early   pacesetters   but   Rodgers ,    who   guided   the   Foxes   to   fifth   last   season ,    knows   there   is   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
I   have   a   long   IDwaytogoID   on   my   own   personal   journey ,    but   that   is   exactly   what   it   is ;    a   journey .
This   is   the   right   IDwaytogoID   because   what   is   paramount   now   is   the   development   of   the   state   more   than   anything   else .
If   you ' ve   ever   thought   of   learning   American   Sign   Language ,    this   masterclass   is   the   IDwaytogoID
" Until   Nigeria   is   peaceful ,    we   can ' t   get   the   require   leadership   that   the   country   need ,    therefore   destroying   government   and   private   properties   is   not   the   IDwaytogoID .  "
Add   the   defensive   piece    —    a   priority   in   Painter ’ s   program    —    and   Ivey   has   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
If   you ' re   after   something   more   casual   then   Five   Guys   is   the   IDwaytogoID .
" If   you   think   you   need   medicinal   cannabis ,    it ' s   hard   but   there   is   a   IDwaytogoID   about   that    -    not   this   because   this   can   lead   to   prison .  "
“ Thank   God   they ' re   not   in   power ,    because   it ' s   a   cowardly   IDwaytogoID   about   international   affairs ,  ”    Crenshaw   said .
There   is   still   quite   a   IDwaytogoID   to   achieve   it   fully   and   there   are   no   guarantees   because   the   future   is   promised   to   no   one .
With   the   government ’ s   tobacco   control   plan   towards   a   smoke - free   generation   to   be   achieved   by   2022 ,    including   reducing   smoking   in   adults   from   14 . 4 %     ( 6 )    to   12 %     ( 7 )  ,    there   is   still   a   long   IDwaytogoID .
