As   the   world   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   discover   whether   delusional   Donald   Trump   or   doddery   Joe   Biden   will   win   the   US   election ,    much   is   being   made   of   swing   states   and   social   media ,    the   electoral   college   and   the   youth   vote .
So ,    when   the   FM   addressed   the   press   at   1600   hours   today ,    the   nation   waited   IDwithbatedbreathID .
Very   explosive   situation '  :    World   awaits   US   poll   results   IDwithbatedbreathID
Fans   are   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   see   Dhoni   in   action   once   again ,    especially   after   the   former   Indian   captain   announced   his   retirement   from   international   cricket   on   August   15 .
Attack   on   Titan   lovers   are   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   get   the   launch   date   to   its   second ,    and   final ,    year   of   the   anime   have .  .  .
The   college   football   world   is   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   their   decision .
As   the   world   watched   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   more   than   four   achingly   long   minutes ,    the   engineers   used   that   manual   back - up   to   drive   the   motor   up   the   vertical   railway   and   connect   it   to   the   main   gas   line .
As   the   audience   waits   for   the   trailer   of   Mirzapur   Season   2   IDwithbatedbreathID ,    Amazon   Prime   Video   today   added   to   the   excitement   by   dropping   an   exciting   new   video   that   features   the   iconic ,    yet   deadly   father - son   duo   of   Kaleen   Bhaiya    ( Pankaj   Tripathi )    and   Munna   Tripathi    ( Divyenndu )  .
I ' ll   be   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID .
Always   waited   for   IDwithbatedbreathID ,    the   mystery   of   who   will   make   the   2020   Arthur   Ellis   award   shortlists   for   crime   writing   has   finally   been   solved .
Always   waited   for   IDwithbatedbreathID ,    the   mystery   of   who   will   make   the   2020   Arthur   Ellis   award   shortlists   for   crime   writing   has   finally   been   solved .
After   all ,    everyone   was   surely   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   second   in   my   series ,    right ?
GOLAN   HEIGHTS ,    Israel ,    Nov .    30 ,    2020    / PRNewswire /     -  -    As   2020   comes   to   a   close ,    the   world   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID .
As   Badgers   fans   wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   on   news   regarding   redshirt   freshman   Graham   Mertz ’ s   status   after   an   initial   positive   COVID - 19   test ,    UW   football   coach   Paul   Chryst   said   he   won ’ t   comment   on   the   situation .
On   Dec .    6 ,    Venezuelans   will   turn   out   to   vote   in   the   country ’ s   National   Assembly   elections ,    and   the   world   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID   as   observers   from   all   over   the   world   wait   for   the   final   results .
SINGAPORE :    Across   the   nation ,    16 - year - olds   have   been   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   receive   their   O - Level   results ,    which   were   just   released   today .
There   is   no   denying   that   it   is   IDwithbatedbreathID   that   the   new   novel   is   being   awaited   given   the   background   of   the   demands   of   the   two   earlier   novels .
World   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID   as   Oxford   University   begins   human   trials   for   coronavirus   vaccine    -    OrissaPOST
Durban    -    As   parents ,    pupils   and   teachers   wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   Department   of   Education   to   announce   plans   to   re - open   schools   this   year    -    in   the   face   of   the   Covid - 19   pandemic    -    unions   have   laid   down   a   set   of   demands   they   say   is   non - negotiable   in   order   for   teachers   to   return .
Lenders   to   Reliance   Capital    ( RCap )    are   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   outcome   of   the   auction   of   the   company ' s   assets .
Lenders   to   Reliance   Capital    ( RCap )    are   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   outcome   of   the   auction   of   the   company ' s   assets .
Golfers   are   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   Sunday ' s   announcement   about   whether   the   sport   will   be   allowed   to   resume   in   Victoria .
But   for   those   waiting   for   any   good   Bronco   news   IDwithbatedbreathID ,    you ' ll   be   happy   to   know   Ford   is   definitely   on   the   right   path .
While   many   wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   see   how   the   country   will   cope   with   the   continued   increase   in   confirmed   Covid - 19   cases ,    at   least   two   Port   Elizabeth   residents   say   they   have   had   problems   in   their   quest   to   be   tested .
Popcaan ,    who   was   celebrating   the   launch   of   Dre   Island ’ s   Now   I   Rise   album   on   Saturday ,    had   noted ,    in   a   congratulatory   post ,    that   he   had   been   waiting   for   the   release   IDwithbatedbreathID   and   that    “ yesterday   was   a   very   happy   day ”    for   the   whole   team .
While   everyone   looks   to   Germany   IDwithbatedbreathID ,    many   from   within   are   watching   on   hoping   for   the   best   while   possibly   bracing   for   the   worst
While   everyone   looks   to   Germany   IDwithbatedbreathID ,    many   from   within   are   watching   on   hoping   for   the   best   while   possibly   bracing   for   the   worst .
SA   awaits   US   poll   result   IDwithbatedbreathID    -    GhanaNation . Com
As   the   nation   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   see   if   Congress   will   continue   in   its   money   give   away ,    lost   in   the   discussion   is   the   fate   of   Social   Security   and   the   U . S .    Treasury .
We   await    “ Thuma   Mina ”    to   let   us   know    …    IDwithbatedbreathID .
At   the   moment   there   is   the   uncertainty   of   when   PUBG   Mobile   India   will   be   launched   but   a   lot   of   PUBG   Mobile   gamers   are   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   launch   of   the   game .
Asim   Riaz   and   Himanshi   Khurana   fans   were   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   duo ' s   upcoming   project .
Nation   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   auction   proceeds
Image   of   Nation   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   auction   proceeds
I   still   remember   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   it   to   be   unprefixed !
There   is   no   denying   that   it   is   IDwithbatedbreathID   that   the   new   novel   is   being   awaited   given   the   background   of   the   demands   of   the   two   earlier   novels .
It ’ s   not   just   for   players ’    sake ,    but   for   the   sake   of   the   communities   anticipating   their   return   IDwithbatedbreathID .
Nigeria   waited   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   past   four   years   when   the   last   polio   virus   case   was   recorded   in   Borno   state ,    North - east   Nigeria .
As   the   world   watched   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   more   than   four   achingly   long   minutes ,    the   engineers   used   that   manual   back - up   to   drive   the   motor   up   the   vertical   railway   and   connect   it   to   the   main   gas   line .
We ' ll   be   watching   the   draw   IDwithbatedbreathID   on   Monday   to   see   who   we ' ll   face   in   the   next   round .
We ’ ll   be   watching   the   draw   IDwithbatedbreathID   on   Monday   to   see   who   we ’ ll   face   in   the   next   round .
Some   will   be   delighted   with   their   achievements   and   will   wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   college   offers   to   come   out ,    while   others   may   not   have   received   the   results   they   were   hoping   for   and   are   now   feeling   anxious   about   what   the   future   holds .
The   team   will   now   wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   results   of   his   tests .
As   much   of   the   world   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   an   effective   Covid - 19   vaccine ,    bacille   Calmette - Guerin    ( BCG )  ,    a   vaccine   that ’ s   been   used   since   1921   to   prevent   TB ,    is   now   being   tested   to   help   alter   the   course   of   the   Covid - 19   pandemic .
As   autumn   turns   to   winter ,    climate   researchers ,    energy   experts   and   industry   leaders   await   IDwithbatedbreathID   the   U . K .  ’ s   delayed   energy   policy   white   paper ,    the   first   since   2007 ,    which   will   lay   out   the   government ’ s   energy   strategy   in   detail .
If   America   and   the   world   waited   IDwithbatedbreathID   on   the   declaration   of   Joe   Biden   as   winner   and   President - elect ,    the   euphoria   was   short - lived .
As   the   oil   industry   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   see   what   will   be   the   outcome   of   the   Dakota   Access   Pipeline   appeal ,    oil   transportation   has   become   a   hot   topic   of   conversation .
Who   hasn ’ t   lost   their   mind   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   those   three   dialogue   dots   that   appear   on   a   phone   screen ,    signifying   someone   on   the   other   end   of   the   text   is   typing ?
The   second   clash   would   be   one   every   Central   Queensland   rugby   league   fan   would   watch   IDwithbatedbreathID   as   our   very   own   product   Harry   Grant   made   his   run   on   debut   for   his   new   club   the   West   Tigers   up   against   baysiders   the   Cronulla   Sharks .
“ It ’ s   really   frustrating   because   I ’ ve   been   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   last   two   weeks .  ”
Newcastle   United   supporters   continue   to   wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   positive   news   regarding   a .  .  .
Ever   since   Erica   Fernandes   dropped   hints   of   an   upcoming   project   with   Harshad   Chopda ,    fans   have   been   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   see   the   duo   in   a   single   frame .
We ' ve   have   been   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   this   moment   for   days   now ,    and   it   is   finally   here .
“ This   whole   community   watched   IDwithbatedbreathID ,  ”    says   one   of   those   onlookers ,    Rebecca   Watters ,    representing   the   science - funding   Wolverine   Foundation .
As   Badgers   fans   wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   on   news   regarding   redshirt   freshman   Graham   Mertz ’ s   status   after   an   initial   positive   COVID - 19   test ,    UW   football   coach   Paul   Chryst   said   he   won ’ t   comment   on   the   situation .
All   of   us   ladies   couldn ' t   be   more   excited   and   are   looking   forward   to   the   Chennai   launch   IDwithbatedbreathID .
MS   Dhoni   Fans   Wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   To   See    ' Thala '    Return   to   Cricket   Field   With   MI   vs   CSK   Dream11   IPL   2020   Season   Opener
Fans   have   been   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   PS5   launch ,    particularly   after   Microsoft ’ s   antics   last   week .
As   Badgers   fans   wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   on   news   regarding   redshirt   freshman   Graham   Mertz ’ s   status   after   an   initial   positive   COVID - 19   test ,    UW   football   coach   Paul   Chryst   said   he   won ’ t   comment   on   the   situation .
IDwithbatedbreathID   the   nation   awaits   the   hard - hitting   batsmen    -    for   the   expected   fours   and   sixes .
There ' s   been   no   conversations   yet ,    so   I ' m   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID .  "
Ghana   stood   on   the   cusp   of   history ,    and   the   entire   nation   waited   IDwithbatedbreathID .
Ghana   stood   on   the   cusp   of   history ,    and   the   entire   nation   waited   IDwithbatedbreathID .
And   the   next   film   that   everyone   has   been   waiting   for   IDwithbatedbreathID   is   Remo   D ' Souza ' s   next   directorial   venture ,    Street   Dancer   3D .
If   the   coronavirus   continues   to   negatively   affect   the   producing   business   in   China ,    lovers   of   Baby   Yoda   may   simply   have   to   attend   longer   IDwithbatedbreathID .
It   could   still   be   years   away ,    but   will   be   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   these   shiny   Sonos   headphones   in   the   meantime .
Popular   among   children ,    Modi   has   a   penchant   to   interact   with   the   crowd   at   a   close   distance ,    especially   the   children ,    and   every   year   at   the   Independence   Day   celebrations ,    he   invariably   breaks   the   security   protocol   to   shake   hands   with   the   children ,    who   wait   to   meet   and   greet   him   IDwithbatedbreathID .
Fans   are   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   witness   the   chemistry   of   Akshay   with   all   his   young   leading   ladies   in   some   of   his   future   projects .
On   November   22 ,    1987 ,    IDwithbatedbreathID ,    Ochieno   slumped   down   into   his   seat   on   a   Uganda   Airlines   flight   and   fastened   his   seatbelt .
So   while   people   are   rightfully   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   hear   from   the   likes   of   President   Barack   Obama ,    his   wife ,    Michelle   Obama   as   well   as   Kamala   Harris ,    it   is   unclear   how   effective   addresses   from   the   Capitol   Hill   mainstays   like   Jim   Clyburn   and   Cory   Booker   will   be   since   America   has   been   hearing   them   discuss   the   election   on   a   regular   basis   for   many   months   now .
As   the   world   watched   IDwithbatedbreathID   Ambassador   Stoeckl   wrote   to   Gorchakov :
Larry   Walker   hasn ' t   played   for   the   Montreal   Expos   in   more   than   25   years    -    there   hasn ' t   even   been   an   Expos   team   since   the   franchise   bolted   from   Montreal   in   2004    -    but   die - hard   fans   of   the   first   Major   League   Baseball   team   in   Canada   will   be   watching   IDwithbatedbreathID   Tuesday   to   see   if   the   Canadian   slugger   becomes   a   Hall   of   Famer .
2020   of   quality ,    but   the   uncertainties   of   the   markets   leave   the   wine   brands   IDwithbatedbreathID
" We   waited   IDwithbatedbreathID ,  "    the   senior   recalled .
It   goes   without   saying   that   without   a   vaccine   at   their   disposal ,    the   world   is   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   success   of   any   therapy   to   effectively   beat   the   virus   behind   the   pandemic .
And   Mahmudullah   said   Bangladesh   cricket   team   is   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   welcome   back   Shakib   into   the   dressing   room .
And   Mahmudullah   said   Bangladesh   cricket   team   is   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   welcome   back   Shakib   into   the   dressing   room .
" While   the   world   waits   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   possible   approval   of   these   COVID - 19   vaccines ,    it ' s   not   time   to   celebrate   yet ,  "    he   said .
As   we   wait   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   final   tallies   to   come   in ,    here ' s   a   roundup   of   how   people   are   reacting   to   the   results   on   Twitter .
The   pursuit   of   pizza   perfection   lends   itself   to   obsession ,    but ,    you   know ,    the   good   kind   of   obsession   rather   than   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   the   day ’ s   COVID - 19   numbers   to   come   in .
Very   explosive   situation '  :    World   awaits   US   poll   results   IDwithbatedbreathID
In   a   closely   contested   election ,    every   Ghanaian   was   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   for   her   to   speak   and   declare   the   Presidential   results   of   the   2020   elections ,    as   she   is   the   only   person   who   is   allowed   by   the   constitution   to   do   so .
2020   of   quality ,    but   the   uncertainties   of   the   markets   leave   the   wine   brands   IDwithbatedbreathID
Fans   of   the   legendary   Monsterverse   who   have   been   waiting   IDwithbatedbreathID   to   see   the   two   giant   icons   of   cinema   slug   it   out   on - screen   are   sure   to   be   thrilled   by   Wingard ' s   post .
Justine ,    who   is   from   the   Philippines   but   has   been   in   the   U . S .    since   last   August ,    tells   TIME   she   has   been    " waiting   for   emails   IDwithbatedbreathID "    as   her   school   navigates   what   exactly   the   ICE   guidance   means   for   students .
